Eric Rosenbaum: play synchronous.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're all we play synchronous synchronicity normally we're all talking, we have a sequential conversation, it makes sense is there a way to create a sense of discombobulation.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where cause and effect or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Time are distorted and it might involve us having to like have one on one sessions with TIM, where he tells us what are happening what's happening with the others would sort of maybe rotate through.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just to create this sense of confusion of like wait what's happening as we only have partial information or what the others are doing like if we get separated from each other in one of these places.
Eric Rosenbaum: And zoom kind of affords that like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Breaking apart from each other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's pretty neat.
Eric Rosenbaum: But yeah what are some other things we can do um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was also literally imagining like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, an animal crossing or like or like just these other kind of like literal like kind of virtual spaces, where you can have an Avatar that's like running around you know, like we could do some like kind of like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know so so there may be like some interesting digital games, or like some other like literal digital spaces, that we could create avatars and have them like move around in.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so i'm gather town is one of these, I think this is one instance of a whole genre maybe you know about this, or do we talk about this one to one time did.
Eric Rosenbaum: I forget So if you imagine like nas legend of zelda it's like a top down view of an eight bit map, you have a little character you press the arrow keys and move them around.
Eric Rosenbaum: There are now conferencing like video conferencing tools that do this so there's like a map in you drive your character around on it and then like depending who you're near like that's who you can talk to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have you seen this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: starts that one more time I was typing something say that again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rebels are scattered town.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah it's um a top down 2d a bitmap like nas game where you have a character and you move them around using your arrow keys and depending who you are close to that so you can talk to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me a little ways before.
Eric Rosenbaum: nope or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: height of yes actually I.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did you use that for bio summit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We tried that we tried that yes, so i've done that, before for by a summit and then also you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking virtual burning man was exactly that it was like giant virtual 3D space and like you had an Avatar and you move around there and then, if you close them you could actually hear them that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah clustering you can hear them and stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the problem is, like all of these things kind of they have their own aesthetic they have their own mechanics as an agenda a little bit, we need to find something that's like adaptable to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever two months to make it for us.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I have another idea go.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can stay on the video chat but we mute ourselves, and you can only communicate in some other way, like via some textual medium like if we can only like post stuff on a gym board or Nero or whatever like one of these.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like shared documents yeah because, like our word disembodied or something we can only communicate via these like ethereal messages or something like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yes yeah so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Talk anymore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I love that so it's like there's like a group mural board, and you can only like draw you can't like write letters.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's a nice thing you can draw.
I love that.
Eric Rosenbaum: would be such a mess we were like okay guys just trying to suggest some that you cast a spell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It could only be it could only be like symbolic representations.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Again right words but it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know so like and maybe it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is it that are with that.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're all gonna die yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, but what is death, even in these.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right so so so TIM, I think, so this is like like I think for each of these like non material world plans is basically here's here's another cosmological metaphysical way to think about this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the material plane of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: town or is D amp D beyond role 20 and like this is like our our way of US navigating the material world of ours, through these tools right plan a magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: totally different system plan of souls totally different system.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why shouldn't be totally disconnected I think there should be some mechanic that we can use on top of what we already have, so we can keep elements of the existing system hey Schwartz.
Rev. David: hey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're coming in at a good time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where we're at I like TIM and i've been talking for like I don't know 40 minutes or so about like kind of the cosmological aspects of toggle that kenza would actually know because he was at a monastery for five.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Five years.
Rev. David: time for this conversation I love it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yes, and so, so, then I was, I was, I was telling him I was like look dude it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like our characters at some point, presumably if we survive will end up in the plan of souls where there's like all of these crazy realms where divine beings live and shit like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so, our experience of us, you know, as you know, people in on Planet Earth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like us actually navigating those experiences should just we could we could be very like fluid with the different format in the ways of how our role playing within the plane of souls like we're in the plan of soul.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Rev. David: I got Eric saying it's like I mean like it's an entirely different mechanic.
what's.
Rev. David: Up no DM or.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, how many is it oh my God.
Timothy Sackton: I guess how there's.
Eric Rosenbaum: These kinds of us right so.
Timothy Sackton: here's an idea um that's worth thinking about so another way you could think about this is for some places that makes sense to do something like that, but of course.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody would want to sit through three sessions, where you could only communicate by drawing on a shared jam board.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was.
Timothy Sackton: Like that we're just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Waiting for the parts yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So, but the thing is.
Timothy Sackton: So there's also could it could be sort of like a transition moment right like if there's gonna be a say, I came up with some totally different mechanic like.
Timothy Sackton: Like you know throwback to high school days, where everything was basically just you say what you want to do.
Timothy Sackton: And there's some system, for we could go back to like you know rolling 3D sex against some some you know you describe what it is, I say how hard it is, and you roll 36 to see if it works.
Timothy Sackton: And then, but that transition point that like break point between.
Timothy Sackton: The D amp D mechanic and the other mechanic would be something we're you know some technology some weird technological thing that would yes, that would disconnect the two yes game systems.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So source, we were talking about ideas, where it's like yeah it's like we can't talk to each other, but there's just like a mirror board, and all we can do is draw you can't like right words, you can only like share like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: drawn representations of like you know we have like a color or something like that, and then we're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: actually going to draw like some objects in the board.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, like we actually have to like you know, because then it benefits sort of like if we're actually doing the the transport from the plane of the material world into the plan of souls.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's like there's literally like some way in which our souls are now you know traversing over there, so there could be some weird you know literal drawing game to get there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I got there's so there's also like a so I got to spend a little time thinking about this before we get to this point because there's a bunch of game systems that are.
Timothy Sackton: Much more narrative based than D amp D right d&d is a very.
Timothy Sackton: I would say very mechanics heavy game system, which has a lot of Nice appeal to it right.
Timothy Sackton: But there's also there's like there's like very I haven't played any of them, but there's various um.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's various systems that are very much you know have many, many fewer rules and are much more narrative based.
Timothy Sackton: And it might be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like what I was experiment.
Timothy Sackton: yeah sort of like like what eric's game, you know eric's game, but maybe with a little bit more constraint, in terms of.
Timothy Sackton: Like you know, a mechanism for success and failure.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah so I learned that I was using is just one day six.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but, but something that lets you have character skill basically right, so instead of just a flat one these six role for everything which is just rent it's not really success or failure it's just two paths and it sort of goes one way or the other randomly yeah.
Timothy Sackton: there's some ability for your character.
Timothy Sackton: be good things and bad things right um.
Timothy Sackton: But otherwise may you know there's that are much more freeform in the sense it's not like classes with spells and fixed abilities, which.
Timothy Sackton: makes a lot of sense for some of these other planes right is like you're not if you're in the plane of falls you're much more I mean maybe secret can't do anything but but cancer was like a super big thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we would.
Eric Rosenbaum: We would manifest differently in those different places for sure.
Timothy Sackton: that's that's.
Timothy Sackton: that's yeah i'm totally into the idea of like youth playing with with technology with you know there's a lot of downsides largely in terms of how long it takes to prep games.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Playing virtually it's much harder just improvise shit but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's in I think actually even just the basics of what you're saying, which is what we did in high school, which is like planet souls, you can you can describe like like even some pretty like abstract things of what's happening like you see like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A purple diamond like floating in 3D space, you know and it's like okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, what the Fuck are we doing with this purple diamond and now all of a sudden it's like surrounded by a constellation of like red, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, whatever it is right and now it's like we have to just kind of you know navigate this like strange abstract space and Kansas character, because you know of his affinity within the plan of souls could potentially do more.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just like you're saying something like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that can be judged, you know pretty pretty qualitatively by you, based on like what he tries to do so it's like you know kenzo tries to like stretch and like move the five the five the five.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know balls of flame relative to the the crystal the purple Crystal and like you know seeker can it's like just paralyzed seekers like unable to move in this plane right but Angela was able to actually navigate and move these objects around somehow you know.
I think like.
Rev. David: Say like with something.
Rev. David: else i'm going to hey Mike I like similar kind of thing i'm thinking about like.
Rev. David: The way that like reflections of our characters and other planes might be like.
Rev. David: Derivatives of ourselves, like like they share certain kinds of features, but not other kinds of that made me think to.
Rev. David: In church actually we talk about like your soul, so this is this is more like concretely met on in this work metaphysics.
Rev. David: But like.
Rev. David: Being like that deepest most essential part of yourself, which is both a quality of who you are right now, but also in some sense a quality of yourself that you are in the process of growing.
Eric Rosenbaum: indie.
Rev. David: like this notion that you're called into becoming over the course of your whole life like that makes me think I think it would be interesting if, like who we were on the plane of souls or kind of magical or whatever like was in fact a different version of our character entirely.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, like a giant Mecca piloted by well be that looks like a really big well be.
Rev. David: Well, possibly.
Rev. David: But like.
Rev. David: The like the version like like what would like 10 so who knows everything that Kansas going to know at the end of Kansas life.
Rev. David: What is.
Eric Rosenbaum: What How would you role play that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Rev. David: This is, as far as i've gotten.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like let's just let's just update Michael little bit so Mike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM and I are having this like pre meeting to like figure out what what kenzo understands about the cosmology of tell God, he was like a monk for like five years out at a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: restaurant talking about and now like hands on now I you know did Kong actually understand some of this cosmology now which kenza will now be able to role play, but basically material plane plan of magic plan of souls and all kinds of weird in between.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right so we'll talk, I was saying it's in like it would be amazing like in terms of game mechanic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know material plane is basically D amp D beyond role 20 it's like kind of the system that we're familiar with, but as we hopefully as if our characters survive and know do stupid shit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will actually start to be able to interplay more deeply with these other planes that are not material world planes and that we would just have totally different game mechanics within.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Each of those sista souls it's like you know when were transporting their life because kenzo has more affinity in the plan of souls there might just be like abstract iteration where it's like you know yeah there's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A couple of objects that are there, and like we don't know what to do with them, but kenza like can actually move them around but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker is just paralyzed because he's no he has no power of the plan of souls right and then, once you get like a certain plane, it could be much more narrative driven sort of like we're doing in high school.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or it could be like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know mediated by some other digital tools that are just kind of different and more abstract, like us, drawing on a mirror board, together with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rice and.
Eric Rosenbaum: she's like we can't do we literally can't verbalize we're getting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we can only like to draw on like a on it, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: or or in another one who can only write, but we send it to TIM, and he distorts it and sends it back out to everyone else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can say Trent they get there's a little bit or or maybe the words it gets scrambled I was just thinking role 20 you could probably use it for things it's not intended for by like messing with it like using maps that aren't maps, but we still have tokens we can move around so.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: A four dimensional plane that we go into the map changes every turn, we could still move ourselves around, but you don't know where you're going to end up because the map is different from where I was before, because we're flowing to the time dimension to like.
Rev. David: Those maps could also be of like non physical reality.
Eric Rosenbaum: So yeah.
Rev. David: Exactly emotional states, for example.
Timothy Sackton: You can also.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you can actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: run them and I love that.
Timothy Sackton: I can use, you can use animated gifts as maps as well.
Timothy Sackton: yeah So if I can figure out a good way to make an animated was constantly changing changing that would be perfect for like you know the fe wild or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do like this idea of the map is not a map of space, but of feeling or.
Mike Sackton: I love that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's also challenges us as like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As in role playing like it's like okay now like because of these actions that have happened in this thing now kenzo is like furiously angry because whatever.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah it could really mess you up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like short shorts is onto something I think.
Rev. David: let's just makes perfect to like what What if the map, rather than the map like reflecting the way that were role playing What if it's like instructing us like.
Rev. David: Right it's an axis of like.
Rev. David: abstraction.
Rev. David: On one axis physical I don't know that those aren't to orthogonal axes, but like but depending where you go like you become increasingly abstracted because you've moved too far into the plane of souls.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, so a kind of sanity check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, actually it's funny it's like you could also not know the Cartesian relationship of what of what the map means so like.
Eric Rosenbaum: As you're all we have to figure it out as we go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: exactly as we're actually moving around in the map like you're saying like 10 so you're you're starting to feel more insane like your.
Rev. David: darkness could do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, Tim spaces, doing the thing yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah darkness in the role 20 map.
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Love actually as we're exploring what we think is a map we're actually exploring like a consciousness or emotional state of like a being.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, it could be both to and we didn't even know it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, it could represent a physical space and higher order space i'm happy to be here with you guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: into it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well Eric it's funny it like right as you popped in I was like I was like I actually explicitly I think I contribute because i'll send that out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was going to be some cool like digital tools that we could use to actually represent these abstract role playing elements and I was like Eric and then, and then you basically conjured and appeared like right as we started talking about it so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: awesome yeah yeah I think this is this is very exciting so and now, now that actually actually TIM do any of the other characters I guess like secret would probably know about like plate of magic stuff pretty well right so.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's because that's a whole nother no.
Timothy Sackton: He doesn't know a ton about that, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: He has it like an intuitive sense that it.
Timothy Sackton: about how the plan of magic intersects with this world and how it can be forced to do his bidding by manipulating the shapes of these ruins, but the cosmology now he really doesn't know that much about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so this is OK.
Timothy Sackton: I think pans out knows more about about metaphysics then anybody, I mean dealt with know some just because of his Alvin childhood and his.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: direct experience.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of being trapped in a strange.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: metaphysical he's.
Eric Rosenbaum: he's the only one of us, as far as we know that has actually traveled between worlds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah or has certainly has had like very like like lived experience in a non material plane like for a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: long period of time.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just read, by the way, beautiful novel pure fantasy, the new one by the author of Jonathan strange in this general in that original book, which some of you guys have read, I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: There is.
Eric Rosenbaum: A plane and it's like so yeah loosely sketched kind of confusing.
Eric Rosenbaum: But this novel does that giving away too much you want to read it is almost the inverse like we're in this place.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's not clear, well, maybe I shouldn't say too much, we do want to read it, but it's very cleverly constructed and another world.
Rev. David: So I read.
Rev. David: I want to call it, Dr strange that can't possibly be the title of it and, like I couldn't.
Mike Sackton: I.
Rev. David: couldn't like get it, but this was like 15 years ago, is it worth going back to do you think.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't really remember that well also I watched most I think of the TV series that was.
Mike Sackton: me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Other teams later, and it was like pretty good but also totally distorts my memory of the actual not.
Rev. David: sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: The novel was too long, I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, it's doing I enjoyed, and it was, I think, completely different.
Timothy Sackton: It it was I enjoyed it, but it was.
Timothy Sackton: Long much longer than it needed to be.
Timothy Sackton: There was one of those books that I, you know, but I enjoyed that I read it quickly.
Eric Rosenbaum: But yeah pureness us is fun cleverly constructed and has a nice take on this travel between worlds concept and what it might entail.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I think, in conclusion, we need to get powerful enough or like find enough cool items to actually start doing this TIM.
Timothy Sackton: Like yeah.
Timothy Sackton: lanes there'll be some some things that might happen in the not too too too distant future.
Mike Sackton: But only.
Mike Sackton: going to the point of magic of the point of souls kind of the interest.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you probably don't want to do it right away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh i'm still in.
Timothy Sackton: Love a lot like probably next you know this session or next session so.
Timothy Sackton: you're getting there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I didn't I didn't even look at the.
Timothy Sackton: third level so next session.
Rev. David: In casket cosmology question is it.
Timothy Sackton: That is.
Rev. David: The case for all species and tell her are all sentence species that there is a something after they die.
Rev. David: Like are there, an excuse for him death is the end of any form of existence whatsoever.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Mike Sackton: yeah this species don't have.
Mike Sackton: yeah according to all the things we made up.
Mike Sackton: In our various TIM, and I have been making up lots of things.
Timothy Sackton: So so it's it's complicated but yes many species.
Timothy Sackton: Many species have no no afterlife every everybody when they die their soul goes every single creature, who has any sort of consciousness at all their soul goes somewhere, but for many of them.
Timothy Sackton: It just fades away into the fabric of the universe.
Timothy Sackton: awesome right, whereas.
Timothy Sackton: ml God or demon comes to collect your soul, then it just fades away.
Rev. David: i'm writing this down partly like as David the human trust to make sense of will be slick bloodthirsty miss, unlike some explanation for it, which is more than just like David the humans blip there.
Mike Sackton: And I.
Rev. David: i'm sort of like playing or wondering, like, I wonder if part of his cosmology is this sense of like well not really killing them like their souls it's still go off and do their soul thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can totally being a justifiable.
But.
Mike Sackton: Like also not every creature we meet I mean knowles, for example, don't have souls they're there some sort of horrible corruption of a Hyena.
Mike Sackton: they're not because, just because they have some I mean I don't know if that's wrong, but my sense of that my sense of the of the.
Mike Sackton: White creatures from the abyss is not that is that they are somehow distinct from.
Mike Sackton: soul, having beings.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, although I mean none of your characters has any real idea one theory that has been proposed is that if you know if your soul is collected by a demon.
Timothy Sackton: And then the demon creates a know how is he creating that no well, maybe he's stuffing your soul back into a demon after it's been you know corrupted by the best.
Timothy Sackton: Or maybe there's no there's nothing at all that is there's no.
Timothy Sackton: Know may not, I mean a Hyena doesn't really have a soul right so uh no may just be the same thing.
Mike Sackton: I just felt a difference in bloodthirsty this against knowles versus humans, or at least that's my perspective on Dallas back.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, yes, knows our I mean, so you know, a demon is unremittingly.
Timothy Sackton: Evil right like there's nothing you can do, but kill it.
Timothy Sackton: Whether it has a soul or not, the only thing I do is send it back to the bad place that came from, by eliminating me you're not most of the time you're not really killing demons you're banishing them.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should definitely get into a situation where there's imminent danger and we get into like a complex metaphysical debate about what to do.
Timothy Sackton: And then you all gets hotter.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm excited now because I Dave Kong now actually have like an understanding of what kenzo actually understands about the cosmology or talukdar so I can like role play this better now because.
Eric Rosenbaum: We yeah.
Very cool.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I was just trying to do one last minute thing, but we should probably get started.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can take your time to medical.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah you can do it, you can take your time, I think we can we can hang out for a second.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Rev. David: Next, I think, having this week I fractured my skull.
Rev. David: So now, I had the trunk of my car open and the dog in and I leaned forward to adjust something on the dog, but it was just a couple inches lower than I expected because of snow and so like that little lachey thing, like the thing that goes in.
Rev. David: Our lip.
Rev. David: smashed into my friend sinus bone.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's awfully.
Rev. David: Luckily slash Unluckily is this hollow bone right above your I like, but your sinus inside right.
Rev. David: Right, so I dented the front, like the World side of this bone and I didn't luckily like break the brain side of it.
Rev. David: Like head injury.
Rev. David: Side effects but i've been out of it all weekend it's really strange too because.
Rev. David: Like after a week on like some heavy duty payments to like there's part of me that's like well do I feel really out of it, right now, because I seriously injured my brain or because i've been taking lots of drugs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh man.
Oh.
Rev. David: that's that's been my exciting week is weird, though, like Monday, so that was Monday night and then it was Friday.
Eric Rosenbaum: You.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know you seem like totally normal.
Rev. David: yeah okay.
Rev. David: Mostly now it just feels like an occasional headache occasional feels like a sort of persistent low headache.
concoction.
Rev. David: yeah probably not but that's good, maybe, and I know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have it doesn't look like you have like a wound.
Rev. David: yeah so it didn't break the skin and it didn't get bruised at all, but I don't know if you guys can see like right, whereas.
yeah there's yeah.
Rev. David: There were my fingers.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Rev. David: wow yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's the President didn't bruise I guess there's not a lot of flesh right there.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Rev. David: Yes, it is weird.
Mike Sackton: cause a weird okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
Rev. David: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are frail meat suits.
seriously.
Rev. David: ready for my full body replacement.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did our meat suit, especially now we're 40 it's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: So frail.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep well just just keep us posted Schwartz if you need to take a break or whatever call it off, thank you.
Rev. David: I make it less attentive, by the end of the night but that's okay.
Rev. David: I do, that even when I don't have.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, shall we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do it.
yeah.
Had this whole.
camp fire.
Timothy Sackton: Sound mixer just taking forever to load.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah it'll Come on, in a minute so.
Timothy Sackton: we'll pick up in the early evening.
Timothy Sackton: As you are.
Timothy Sackton: sitting together.
Timothy Sackton: In the in your small camp and Caroline yeah the ruined remains of crumbs caravanserai.
Timothy Sackton: After spending most the afternoon first talking to Ken dress and then.
Timothy Sackton: You stop for a moment, briefly, to speak with hot dogs, who is grateful to hear that you at least for now intend to travel with him.
Timothy Sackton: He still needs a few days, one or perhaps three to finish gathering supplies and organizing this expedition so you have at least a little bit of time and care what before the journey begins.
Timothy Sackton: After spending more time in Carolina this afternoon, the damage doesn't seem as bad as it did when you arrived.
Timothy Sackton: A lot of it is just cosmetic the bright colors of the canvas awnings at once lined the narrow streets all burned at the clean wash stone if the Plaza around the oasis dirty with dirt and set and.
Timothy Sackton: dried remains of blood and the shade palms that one shelter that cut.
Timothy Sackton: But much of the buildings, many of the buildings and towns him to remain with only the outskirts neither caravan were.
Timothy Sackton: Sadly, that was apartment also was seems to have suffered the worst.
Timothy Sackton: stella's you sit and chat with your companions as the sun begins to set the air quickly cooling without the beating intensity of the midday light.
Timothy Sackton: You can't help but think back briefly on how you got to this point, it was just just over a month ago, for most of you that you arrived in Kerala more like five months.
Timothy Sackton: and almost exactly a month ago, since you all met in town on that fateful morning when.
Timothy Sackton: A giant hanging out rushed out from the desert at you all locked into action.
Timothy Sackton: Starting you down the path enough data to try.
Timothy Sackton: So with that I think we'll start with a brief description, if you could all go around and just give a quick description on your character and any, to the extent you want to give an update on like how your character is like.
Timothy Sackton: processing the events of the past month we hadn't talked about that briefly last time.
Timothy Sackton: But up to you how much you want to how much you thought about that.
Timothy Sackton: laughs at least two descriptions of what you're what you're doing right now.
As we get into your discussion your plans.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Though is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: crushed by the fire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will be eating some rations just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is a box what's the weather like separately like.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's it's a desert it's the dry season it's hot every day try every day it cools off quickly at night and the fun facts rapidly there's hardly any twilight.
Timothy Sackton: cooling down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But he's crouched like the holdup overseas you really can kind of see the expression on his face.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: about some some grab that he's absent minded, for your life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Slowly eating and then kind of like playing with this necklace.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: looks loss of pot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's mostly other pump.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to give it share any like at the end of last session we had started talking about how everybody's characters we're kind of dealing with the events of the past month.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's the, so this is more narrative that's the character saying it out loud yeah so kenzo I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, as a reminder to everybody, but he had come to try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To try to meet him draw it from there to learn more about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cocoon and the other done laurie.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The other temari thoughts I have somebody who was on through his his training as a as a monk who's had had you know a good amount of training and knows who knows much about the Denmark gods and they come here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Try to seek more clarity to try to understand more about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How to get away the metaphysics of of how these god's work and how it relates to some 100 traumatic experiences from his own childhood growing up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But he still.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cares about his original purpose, he still.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wants to know when one wants to understand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it's now recently worried concerned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feeling a little lost and confused about how all of these events that are unfolding either are distracting him from that understanding or perhaps bringing in closer to it in ways that you didn't think about before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is.
Eric Rosenbaum: crap stover a little ways away from the fire surrounded as he sometimes is by a scattering of drawings and.
Eric Rosenbaum: books and sketches.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is Journal of unanswered questions.
Eric Rosenbaum: quickly sketched maps of this world and speculations of other ones, and what he's crashing over now.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's in front of them kind of glowing or.
Eric Rosenbaum: like the one that he conjured up during the conversation around gross when we were speculating about the different planes of reality he's become.
Eric Rosenbaum: A little bit obsessed with this idea now that he knows for sure, or at least according to a Center that there exists.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not just a dream world the planet magic but a shadow fell in a wild and the nightmare realm and that these are all not just echoes but maybe your earnings of the world that we're in, and so in front of him is a.
Eric Rosenbaum: tiny glowing disk containing at its Center a tiny fire crouched around it we're tiny figures representing ourselves it's flooding, a splitter so from from the ground and surrounding it, are these shifting glowing.
Eric Rosenbaum: orbs perhaps report, representing.
Eric Rosenbaum: mirrors of the world that we're in various kinds of discourse distortions and links experimenting with.
Eric Rosenbaum: different ways to manipulate and transform them and perhaps bridge between them.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is how he's dealing with the situation.
Eric Rosenbaum: hyper cerebral obsession.
Mike Sackton: is sitting by the fire.
Mike Sackton: paging through the Book of poems that we found in the giants Castle the Book of Elvis poems but he's currently not really paying attention he keeps reading part of a page and then looking up staring.
Mike Sackton: away either towards the east, or sometimes back towards control so looking.
Mike Sackton: somewhat.
Mike Sackton: Boston thought, but.
Mike Sackton: Not daydreaming more speculating and thinking and and seems he seems determined he's very.
Mike Sackton: He seems to have found a new purpose or a new he seems determined in a way, more so than he has been say in his days in in Cairo was sort of.
Mike Sackton: Trying to understand what why he was taken from a great war and thrown through a shadow dimension ended up in a ruin on the eastern edges of a.
Mike Sackton: People not his own and so he has a bit of a sense of perhaps he's here to help them, perhaps he's here to figure out help what's going on and and do something about it and almost like this is an echo of the war he fought as a as a child frankly.
Mike Sackton: 70 years old isn't an alpha is not exactly.
Mike Sackton: Full adulthood, really.
Mike Sackton: And so it seems like he's he's almost not happy to have an enemy, but, but something about having a direction has given him to be purpose.
Rev. David: Wealthy is meticulously going over his for having unschooled the whole thing just checking it inch by inch for snacks or We certainly were that its frame should have meticulously going through his gear.
and
Rev. David: While we came Carola because he hadn't been here before, and he wanted to go South and see new places and stay for the celebration so.
Rev. David: Like a strange and weird and terrifying as some of this is like.
Rev. David: All of this is going well beyond his wildest imaginations the nice thing was to find new things and go to New places and.
Rev. David: The whole experience for him over the last few weeks, is that the world has just gotten bigger and bigger and stranger and.
Rev. David: With this new group of companions there's also a way that he can go to places that he couldn't have gone to by himself like doing things and exploring spots, that would have been too dangerous so like this is all just.
Rev. David: And an unbroken string of good news for him, but everything that's happened so far is impatient to be on the move, and.
Rev. David: not fully understanding what's at stake in all the metaphysical speculations.
Rev. David: cupcake josie made.
The song.
Timothy Sackton: So it's early evening.
Timothy Sackton: You have some time.
Timothy Sackton: Tonight, and at least the next day.
Timothy Sackton: What would you like to do.
Timothy Sackton: At some point, hot dogs expecting to speak with you further about.
Timothy Sackton: plans, but not tonight.
Timothy Sackton: Otherwise, your time with your.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm kind of obsessed with the temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I can't go inside.
And you can you ask.
Eric Rosenbaum: You like this is a.
Eric Rosenbaum: tangle this before it's just.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah very secretive area.
Rev. David: I think we have to wait till we finish the next Arc to unlock that map.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that's literally what it is yeah Buddhist can dress of look for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you asking character you've met a game.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, I want to have the conversation in character, but I don't think anybody of US notice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can ask I would I cancer there's a lot of stuff about the this time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay that's why it's here.
Eric Rosenbaum: There was just something that intrigued me in the document TIM sent about the structure of priesthood.
Timothy Sackton: That mystery COPs are are SAP entirely separate from the priesthood.
I see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is, this is, this is just a preschooler this like this the mystery.
Timothy Sackton: mystery call.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah this is this is this is this is kind of this is like canada's area.
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel puzzled about kendra's.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's something not right about how he's acting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Certainly the he's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think he's being deceptive with us i'll put it that way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Everything that I sense from him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's genuinely scared he's fearful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Loss of connection with your crew is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: traumatizing for him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now he has said to us himself in a straightforward way there's clearly a history and a deeper understanding that he's aware of that it's not shared with us, I think he he will at some point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He doesn't want to share it to us now actually can convince him to share it to us before we leave I don't know but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Has he ever to use seemed guilty or ashamed, as though, something that you.
Eric Rosenbaum: or the people of the cult of Shipman did could have caused.
Eric Rosenbaum: This last.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is a great question I tend to install citing the shit out of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Out of hundreds every time I seen Have you ever felt guilty or ashamed.
Timothy Sackton: um I just sent you a message.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I got it I forgot the setup.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You guys all set up.
yep yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're cool you're cool.
Mike Sackton: no big deal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Talk amongst yourself I.
Mike Sackton: mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What am I really oh yeah okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh i'm insightful a lot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of advantage I gotta do it again right.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, insightful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: experienced.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wouldn't say he's felt shame, but he's definitely felt felt guilt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Though it may have been some mistakes that he or his clan or hit here is problem this time made that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feels regretful about.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, this great protection that they were responsible for has failed so undoubtedly to send in charge of it there's feel responsible.
Eric Rosenbaum: question whether they're hiding something from us if they know about that they did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think this also you know, going back to the just the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Loss of protection of Chicago somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: god's powers are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Connected to us they're connected to our ability to communicate with them to commune with them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so, somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Either that connection was disrupted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or somehow cocoon themselves is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in peril or try trapped trapped exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: What what form did that protection take as any of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: seen or heard about what it was like it was either waller.
Eric Rosenbaum: illusion or.
Eric Rosenbaum: force winder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And i'm going to say some stuff and you tell me if this is actually I think kinds of what have an understanding.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, for example, beasts I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She can might act in different ways, but the beasts might lose their ability to travel into these lands somehow become increasingly sick or tired or weekend in some state and unable to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: navigate within the realms under chicagoans protection.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does that sound reasonable.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's also like an illusion component, like those who.
Timothy Sackton: wander.
Timothy Sackton: around with intending harm get caught in box Kenyans that seem to go nowhere and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wow okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, and so, sometimes you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Physical forms of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: impairment, but also psychological forms of impairment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so, with.
Lots of that connection.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That protection is also.
disappear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do have a question, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just we're sitting around a campfire right now yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like 20 foot tall pile of stuff that we care.
Mike Sackton: yeah actually that's what dealt with is gonna do.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna find somewhere to store our stuff I mean we can't use the mirror for a week.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, is it is all of our stuff just like by the campfire right now we kind of had all.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah basically.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's all kinds of 10 so just it's like kind of looking at the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bella how much can you see Can you see how how much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess energy isn't nothing, or what can we use that again.
Mike Sackton: I think a week, I think it was.
Mike Sackton: Five, I guess, a couple days, five days.
Mike Sackton: A week.
Mike Sackton: It was when do we use it last time.
Mike Sackton: It was like five, two days ago, something like that.
Timothy Sackton: You use that.
Timothy Sackton: Two days ago.
Mike Sackton: yeah so it'd be like a week basically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But doesn't it doesn't charge differently depending on if it's near like sources of magic like a fucking powerful temple and.
Mike Sackton: I don't that I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah when you're a node at this point so to charge faster.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look, can you check out when when can we use that again.
Mike Sackton: I don't I can I can look at it with face site.
Mike Sackton: They can I see anything different TIM does it work more full.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah maybe it does seem to be perhaps charging slightly faster than you would anticipate.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to judge exactly.
Timothy Sackton: But it's Definitely not.
Use the.
Mike Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you think.
Mike Sackton: it's hard to tell I mean it could it be usable before we before it's time for us to leave, perhaps.
Mike Sackton: But I wouldn't count on it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look.
Mike Sackton: Is there something you are hoping to learn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am there, there is there is, I think, I think, as you well know, part of why why i'm here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know connects back to just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: About as i've shared with you you've also had strange visions of places that you, you don't understand and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've had many such dreams and visions over the course of my life and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know it's hard to say, but I think some of the some of these things are connected to the token that i've had with me since I was a child, and you know, as I was just kind of like fingering this little this little necklace that he has no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was that.
Mike Sackton: Is it.
Mike Sackton: Chemistry is his necklace.
Mike Sackton: At all interesting via facetime.
Mike Sackton: Do.
Mike Sackton: You know what that.
Mike Sackton: necklace is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm learning about it but it's very dear to me and it's something i've carried with me always and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's I have to say it's very.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ever since we found this mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've been thinking about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've been thinking about using it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll say it that much, and I think for me at least our journey out to the east.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm for it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For it and ready to lend my hand to it but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Being able to learn something about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My past and that did this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I never had the ability to learn and understand something about about myself and now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feels like I can so.
Mike Sackton: Where did you get that necklace.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've always had it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I put on my.
Eric Rosenbaum: purple gemstone goggles and pure over that you can.
Timothy Sackton: make an iconic jack whether.
Mike Sackton: It seems quite magical.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I know that.
Mike Sackton: The advantage really helped.
Rev. David: really come through.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's up goggles.
Mike Sackton: goggles coming through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you see when you when you see it.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a piece.
Eric Rosenbaum: of something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Larger.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something larger.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like.
Eric Rosenbaum: broken.
Mike Sackton: I see magic that reminds me of.
Mike Sackton: My health.
Mike Sackton: Specifically.
Mike Sackton: That reminds me of the powerful magic's the.
Mike Sackton: elven elders would.
Mike Sackton: invoke.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we get a physical description of it.
again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's it's it's literally like this.
Eric Rosenbaum: little piece of jade yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It comes those not like you know gonna let you touch it like you can tell he's like a little a little bit PC showing it to you it's it's it's literally this.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm like I got my face like up as close as I can get.
Timothy Sackton: You can I mean you can see secret, that is from a distance that looks just like a nice Polish piece of shade, but with your goggles on.
Timothy Sackton: The side that's facing out is like a nice piece of shade, but the backside has been polished More recently, or have whether differently or Warren so it's like there wasn't part of it used to be an outside and part of it used to be an inside.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anyways um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm eager to use this mirror when we're able to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps I don't know if any of you have another object that you think would be meaningful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To us, before we depart.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well we've got this.
Eric Rosenbaum: giant block of adamantium, what can you make with that stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I make it i'm not a middle worker real.
Now.
Timothy Sackton: talented Smith like you might find in a.
Timothy Sackton: city could not even charging like toker I could definitely make it into Armor.
Eric Rosenbaum: But nobody here, well, nobody is here anymore right.
Timothy Sackton: there's nobody here, probably even you could make it into something that's.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Who is used to be here, but.
Mike Sackton: I do think we should find a safe storage spot for our things.
Mike Sackton: I don't think it's worth bringing a giant block of in math tm and, possibly, not even the mirror.
Mike Sackton: To lie to carry on an expedition.
Good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can dress up store them.
Timothy Sackton: At the address oh sure for sure I would be willing to start.
Eric Rosenbaum: As we're digging through stuff I find a two small pieces of amber.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I put the goggles on briefly to just stare at those and see if there's anything weird about them.
Eric Rosenbaum: are very nice.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you're you also are you don't need the goggles to realize from you are.
Timothy Sackton: You know just your crafting skill that these are just nice piece of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: they're just.
Timothy Sackton: they're just amber yeah.
Rev. David: it's a good time to ask I got a gold ring from the camera nest.
Rev. David: i've got a gold ring from a half and killed by kirriemuir African if that was magical or not.
Rev. David: I think was their wedding ring.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh Nice.
Mike Sackton: Should we, maybe just try and move on to the actual leaving of the town.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so that is there anything you besides speaking to.
Timothy Sackton: So you can find stuff you know where you want to start i'll speak to pop star in the morning is there anything else you want to do in Kerala before you head out oh.
Rev. David: I know it's too early to actually settle up my xp but i'd love to get tack and harness.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
Rev. David: Just so i've got it ready.
awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's the name.
Rev. David: waiting for it to tell me it's a.
Beautiful.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker we'll just kind of like awkwardly linger in near the temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: Especially searching for that the green boundary that shows you that weird age difference between the Mesa and the temple.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Just standing around just like standing around the front of the temple so the temple is like so there's a there's like the front that's carved into maicer kind of like that.
Timothy Sackton: And then my background and then there's like along the sides there's a couple of have like one or two story outbuildings and that's where like.
Timothy Sackton: You know the the temple itself sticks out something the Mesa and then these outbuildings are sort of where this conference room where you've met kendra's a few times are.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's like a public chapultepec to share Kuhn.
Timothy Sackton: But there's like a little Plaza in between the main face of the temple where the doors there's like you can go inside some columns get down their doors are all shot and these outbuildings.
Timothy Sackton: it's kind of a little bit of a separate space, apart from the.
Timothy Sackton: From the.
Timothy Sackton: From the oasis which is next to it.
Timothy Sackton: And, as your sort of set your sort of standing there and inspecting the.
Timothy Sackton: The walls that you had after like this evening, like after.
Eric Rosenbaum: photo in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, in the morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the daylight.
Timothy Sackton: is all right okay.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So okay so i've dealt with this is.
Timothy Sackton: Gathering up stuff and.
Timothy Sackton: anybody else want to do anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yet some pens Oh, is because it takes it takes time, just like meditating.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, and then I let her say when I understand I mean, I just want to ask kendra some more about the staff I kind of want to talk more about about all that then maybe we should be met again to be like do that, right now, like that's like a longer conversation.
Mike Sackton: Just from a game perspective, I feel like it might be fun to actually do something that isn't just discussing what we're gonna do at some point.
Mike Sackton: In the next session or two.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For sure that's not that's that's what i'm saying to him, maybe, maybe yeah cuz I would would actually want to talk to him more about you know that's that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: Let me think about this for a minute Okay, so that so but kenza wants to go talk to kendra.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kendra wants to go talk to kendra and Kendall also like basically kind of every every like few hours, like finds dealt with and it's like so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how's the mirror looking at you like he's like very like.
Timothy Sackton: Wanting to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wanting to move that mirror before before we leave.
whoo.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: let's say okay so let's let's let's just roll play briefly though so so before kenza good to talk to Ken dress and while you're kind of gathering up your stuff the next morning.
Timothy Sackton: pop star comes over to to speak with you briefly.
Timothy Sackton: And he approaches his you know his uh.
Timothy Sackton: His one is like every time you see him, you remind me again that he is you know, one of the more armored and.
Timothy Sackton: You know warrior asked of the Denmark that you see in right this guy is clearly not just like a villager who picked up a spear he's trained he's wearing chain mail he carries himself.
Timothy Sackton: You know, two spirits crossed on his back carries himself like he knows what he's doing with them.
Timothy Sackton: very skilled in a thought, all you know.
Timothy Sackton: Clearly, knows his way around his weapons.
Timothy Sackton: And he he approaches and he says.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: I think we should discuss briefly our route and goals for this expedition as i'm not sure I greatly appreciate the.
Timothy Sackton: skill that you may bring to whatever we may face out on the plans, but we have a particular.
Timothy Sackton: intention and and plan, and I, I want to be clear as to what.
Timothy Sackton: your intentions are.
Timothy Sackton: My plan.
Timothy Sackton: Had se from here to the ruins of basketball.
Timothy Sackton: And then turn due east.
Timothy Sackton: travel for four days.
Timothy Sackton: To roughly the point where a lash reported seeing orcs.
Timothy Sackton: I believe, from my discussions with the last there's a place near there, we can camp with water.
Timothy Sackton: And I intend to send my scouts out.
Timothy Sackton: To see what we can find.
Timothy Sackton: If there are orcs there's 20 of US plus you for is 24 believe, as long as there's fewer than 100 of them, we should be able to take them.
With my troops and your skills and my skills.
Timothy Sackton: If there's more we've run.
Eric Rosenbaum: long ago did a live report them there.
Timothy Sackton: It was some time ago, a week or more.
Eric Rosenbaum: They could be far from there.
Timothy Sackton: Well, if we find none, all the better.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we can track them.
Rev. David: yeah I mean if it's a large enough band, even if it's a week past we may still be able to pick them up.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I agree, I think that would be.
Timothy Sackton: worth doing as well, I have some scouts and perhaps some of you are skilled in those arts as well.
Timothy Sackton: But we ride hard and fast.
Timothy Sackton: I will have supplies of water, you are all.
Timothy Sackton: acceptable on the horseback I hope.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: If there is, if there is anything coming.
Timothy Sackton: This town has suffered enough.
Timothy Sackton: will find it and will kill it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, so we had a.
Eric Rosenbaum: couple of other.
Eric Rosenbaum: points along the way that we had hoped to hit as well, perhaps after what you described.
Mike Sackton: Think on our return, we may part ways.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Well, our return will either be a desperate mad rush to safety or a victorious.
Timothy Sackton: journey.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: If it's a desperate mad rush to safety.
Timothy Sackton: You make your own choices.
Rev. David: Well, it looks like for for a minute and that's just my could also all die out there.
Timothy Sackton: it's true.
Timothy Sackton: Then there would be no return at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Meta game for a second to have any reason to hide anything from how about.
Eric Rosenbaum: The data or.
Eric Rosenbaum: The city were dealt with reemerge, which is also on the map new there isn't.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we have any specific reason to hide anything directly I just think he might.
Mike Sackton: be a little.
Mike Sackton: You might think that's foolish and you know wait, why are we bring these people to their deaths.
Eric Rosenbaum: mine.
Eric Rosenbaum: So our prudent course of action, then to.
Eric Rosenbaum: not let him know about the danger of going to so he can leave and we can go into it.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Something like that.
Timothy Sackton: So we intend to leave the day after tomorrow, I will first thing at first light.
Timothy Sackton: The last thing I need to do is organize some of my warriors to return to toker off.
Timothy Sackton: For.
Timothy Sackton: If there is some larger for us out of the desert that we are fleeing and terror from, I would like to be able to lead them to a bigger army coming across the plains.
Timothy Sackton: Now, will require some arrangement in advance.
Timothy Sackton: Well you'd be ready.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: If anything if there's anything you.
Timothy Sackton: must discuss.
Timothy Sackton: I am, I am in camp.
Timothy Sackton: Otherwise, I will see you.
Timothy Sackton: morning.
Timothy Sackton: of April 27.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Meta game for a moment, so looking at the map our route is what were we going.
Eric Rosenbaum: Carla best suit and then the red X in the blue.
So.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so.
Timothy Sackton: From Kerala se the bathroom de.
Timothy Sackton: Su the West that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: best suit, is where we think that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got some others.
Timothy Sackton: yeah her a God that is like South of the green circle, right here fast food is the village that was the village slightly larger than Caroline That was the one originally destroyed by the noles.
Timothy Sackton: Before they everybody flag.
Timothy Sackton: That was what gave carolyn warning to flee.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because currently deserted.
Timothy Sackton: it's expected to be deserted yes.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody has been back there since the rampage that's part of why hopped are wants to go is to.
Eric Rosenbaum: see what happened there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and got the dust mother supposed to be around where the Green is yeah and then the weird cottage house thing is where the red red thing is yep and then del what's tower, is where the is right on the edge of the library here.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay got it but wasn't della trying to say like we should do it the opposite order to do a gotta last.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then we're not we're not doing that anymore.
Mike Sackton: Well, we might do.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have to.
Timothy Sackton: Have Dr is not going to a gotta.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: There right it's just going to pass through that God has layers like supposedly you travel South from bossy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it.
Timothy Sackton: No some black beetles appear in the desert and lead you to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God God God OK so so we're we're doing our own thing basically.
Mike Sackton: I thought we were gonna we're gonna look for the arcs with him and then, once we figured out what's going there we're gonna go do our own thing got it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't make sense.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas like not totally disinterested but also is like just sort of like all right, whatever whatever you guys want to do in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so over the course of the next couple of days you.
Timothy Sackton: You know gather supplies, you find a secure spot to store your.
Timothy Sackton: Your.
Timothy Sackton: Most of your beyond what you absolutely need for the journey into the desert trusting have Dar to.
Timothy Sackton: Provide as he told you to provide.
Timothy Sackton: Food and and water and sufficient supplies for the horses and and you just survive.
Timothy Sackton: And you know.
Timothy Sackton: speak a few times briefly with kendra so who, every time you see him seems more.
Timothy Sackton: More haggard and more like something is on the tip of his tongue that he really wants to say, but he keeps holding it back and he just seems.
Timothy Sackton: On edge, but he seems also glad that you are traveling with have Darren and feels like you need to.
Timothy Sackton: We need to know what's out there in the desert lashes going with pop stars.
Timothy Sackton: You know, Lieutenant who's going to talk to him right round up an army, so the main messages you would like not that you have anybody send messages to grow, but.
Timothy Sackton: there's any news you'd like to send to toker you have an opportunity to send a message.
Timothy Sackton: I guess if ken's I wanted to send any news back to the monastery that's would be an option.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah he does that he explains like what's going on with chicken and and you know the overall like kind of state of affairs to I guess his mentor in the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Now a few days later.
Timothy Sackton: So what exactly are you taking the mirror with you.
Mike Sackton: Well, is it a great.
Timothy Sackton: it's like a wall mirror yeah pretty big.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it is, it is a charged.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like pencils like praise is like.
Mike Sackton: Like pre I assume it is not yet charged.
Timothy Sackton: No cost Kong really want that to be charged.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For it's.
Timothy Sackton: No it's charged are just Meta game at.
Timothy Sackton: have your moment.
Who.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are we going to do this right now, or.
Timothy Sackton: Your last.
The last.
Timothy Sackton: The last day before, like the last morning just before you're getting ready to go kenzo sort of slips off to check the mirror, are you going by is everybody coming with you, are you going by yourself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no i'm doing this i'm going about my so I like like wake up early or you know okay I go I go.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK so let's see.
Timothy Sackton: I also have a message for.
Timothy Sackton: So let's um let's.
Timothy Sackton: So after that couple of busy days of getting organized your last evening is sort of quiet, you know you speak briefly with Andreas you have some food you.
Timothy Sackton: Oh well, i'll be giving me another animal handling check, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: So the xp is get is like quite getting quite comfortable around you i'm.
Timothy Sackton: definitely still you know you've been spending a lot of time like trying to get it used to the the saddle and things, and it will let you put the saddle on for short periods of time it definitely getting there, but it still doesn't it's still not.
Timothy Sackton: comfortable with you in the saddle so you've now at the point of where you're sort of getting it used to.
Timothy Sackton: You know the gear and everything but it's not quite ready for you to be writing it probably no more than another week of training and it will be ready to ride.
Rev. David: will be some no rush is a positive rewards only trainer.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, your last night, then you all sort of.
Timothy Sackton: You know you settle in prepare to rise early in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: And i'm going to do, like a quick like less than 10 minute breakout room with with Kong, but first.
Timothy Sackton: I have.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: i'll do that, right now, just to do this, one thing.
Timothy Sackton: and make a message.
Timothy Sackton: How do I do this.
Timothy Sackton: So, so this will take.
Five to 10 minutes, at most, hopefully, less than that.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the rest of us will just take a break.
Timothy Sackton: Take a break, or you know.
Timothy Sackton: early morning kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: slips off is the rest of you are getting organized.
cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: hover over the.
Eric Rosenbaum: thing at the top right of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: says join until you hover over it.
Rev. David: When you're.
Timothy Sackton: At the breakout room and not invite myself to this.
Rev. David: Well we're while they're doing that we kept the plot threads again just for a second i'm trying to think of this earlier today so so the things that we know are there some like.
Rev. David: there's the charting secret society people running around facts there's something that's summoning demons there's something that's building presumably like an orc army that is at a minimum allied to the demons so many people.
Mike Sackton: But meal is know if it's building an orc armies Okay, so we.
Eric Rosenbaum: need to say.
Mike Sackton: We think that there's what do we know we know a got the dust mothers out there, doing something.
Rev. David: Who, what do we know.
Rev. David: Okay.
Mike Sackton: she's some sort of Darfur.
Mike Sackton: And she apparently was an ally of shabbat.
Rev. David: Okay.
Mike Sackton: and has been living in the desert, for a long time.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's.
Rev. David: just been surely for a long time and then recently she's decided to.
Rev. David: What, what are the thing.
Rev. David: we're not.
Mike Sackton: sure what.
Eric Rosenbaum: she's up to, so I.
Eric Rosenbaum: have some notes in my secrets journal.
Rev. David: Doc oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: chatted the link there.
Eric Rosenbaum: That got to section is on the bottom of the first page does not mentioned the chima association which seems important.
Rev. David: Was captors we're taking her to a gutter.
Mike Sackton: Right, so I don't think we've really figured out the.
Mike Sackton: So the deal with what she like the Center as we're concerned right that what was she doing north of the.
Mike Sackton: The wine of the agent road right.
Rev. David: Do we know anything do we do we know anything about her her have we heard anything from people who know of her besides full his captors like that's the contemporary reference, we have.
Mike Sackton: Now there was like a story, we had from some I mean it's hearsay, but it was fairly.
Mike Sackton: What the controller was like told us stories of like the guy who went to.
Mike Sackton: The guy who went.
Mike Sackton: to heal his daughter, and then some sacrifice and.
Eric Rosenbaum: nightmares thunderous was talking about the.
Eric Rosenbaum: deal between the centaurs and.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
I gotta.
Mike Sackton: yeah I mean renders knew her and had made a deal with her to keep her south of.
Mike Sackton: Different what's below.
Mike Sackton: or some various people.
Rev. David: So, so what i'm hearing that, though, is the like there's also the possibility so.
Rev. David: So we think of like all like the powers of the players, like a God is one, but we still don't exactly know a goddess relationship with the demon summoning people or the or.
Mike Sackton: really know for all we know she's on our side at some level.
Mike Sackton: Because the other thing we weren't now I have.
Eric Rosenbaum: Too much.
Mike Sackton: Well sure, but I mean she might be, you know.
Mike Sackton: not really that bad.
Mike Sackton: You know I mean he was he was trying to free the first port from their ghetto enslavement.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, like a centrist too much.
Mike Sackton: Well, well, more specifically, we don't know we learned that the that there's some dark evil whole blackness thing here in in the temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the temple there's some void yeah.
Mike Sackton: there's something very wrong, but the centers were freaked out about.
Rev. David: I somehow missed this entirely what what's what what.
Mike Sackton: So Okay, let me find kim's i'm sorry because this is like key.
Eric Rosenbaum: The problem with the template chicken that is probably related to the.
Eric Rosenbaum: To the removal of the protection of children.
Eric Rosenbaum: is also connected to like some kind of Void or lack or missing reverberation.
Rev. David: it's like there's no chatroom in the template or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something like that.
Mike Sackton: But Kim did put this in the.
Eric Rosenbaum: session notes.
Mike Sackton: And the session it's the party learned that I gotta.
Mike Sackton: All right, there's the silence now he did right so then it says there's something wrong here a silence where there should be echoes and reverberations.
Mike Sackton: something's missing right there's something wrong with the land there's supposed to be these echoes the center's are supposed to be hearing these echoes of the land that's like.
Mike Sackton: We don't know what exactly but there's like.
Mike Sackton: I don't know they can wake feel something.
Mike Sackton: And there's something missing there's like a void assignment silence for there should be White for the word, there should be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and and seekers speculation, was that there's it's an artifact that's like a planner energy antenna some kind of.
Eric Rosenbaum: place to go reflector.
Mike Sackton: Somehow right, so we think that the that the BAT that this thing that the center's are worried about is related to the collapse of the illusion wall that was.
Mike Sackton: Keeping this part of them are safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: That seems it all lines up with that.
Mike Sackton: Yes, right again that it's emanating from something that is not here right, and then we had this whole conversation about how Dell with saw a vision before the game started that was supposed to be shaken but.
Mike Sackton: Some creature whatever creature powers is magic drove away the creature that was supposed to be spoon which.
Mike Sackton: shouldn't have been possible if it was really shaken.
Eric Rosenbaum: creature that powers what magic.
Mike Sackton: del was has like a buddy who gives them as magic who, with the mystery creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think we really talked about this.
Mike Sackton: Well, he doesn't know much about it right, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that good it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bad.
Mike Sackton: We had a whole well I think kensal right up and the.
Mike Sackton: idea was totally with us, we know.
Rev. David: The game that this character isn't you, because this was like mike's out of game requirement of TIM that is patronize it secretly evil.
Mike Sackton: Yes, that is true, we do know that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're just always hexing things which.
Mike Sackton: You could be like a little bit on the dark side, without being totally evil.
Eric Rosenbaum: you'll be centrist evil yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah i'm.
Rev. David: George W Bush evil.
money.
Mike Sackton: George W Bush was pretty deep in the evil.
Rev. David: Side she still went to the UN or he said, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: You felt like you could have a beer with them, you know.
Mike Sackton: Like killed a few million Iraqis who cares about them.
Rev. David: hold up hold up hold up, so I get the player straight so.
Rev. David: So there is demon so many people there's pork people and the orc thing is that we've seen a small amount of orcs, but we know that there are only small amounts of works there are only large amounts of works.
Mike Sackton: there's not supposed to be orcs.
Mike Sackton: orcs are like cord, or you know they wake they they are.
There as.
Mike Sackton: Well they're like the spawn of a god of endless war, who wants nothing except to overrun all of the land with the orcs while they never by themselves yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We got it all figured out guys.
Timothy Sackton: So kenzo returns to Camp as the rest of you are packing up.
Timothy Sackton: Getting waiting for Hoff Dar and his trip to get ready to head out.
Eric Rosenbaum: into my scratching and scratching of the Mesa didn't turn up anything, this time.
Mike Sackton: i'm are the Center store around, by the way.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: Sorry, this is slightly annoying dealt with is gonna excuse is gonna.
Mike Sackton: We don't need to do this at a breakout room TIM i'll just.
Timothy Sackton: Today, but.
Mike Sackton: Down with is going to when he wakes up he's gonna walk a little bit he clearly something that his mind when he wakes up and he's going to.
Mike Sackton: Tell everybody else there's just there's a there's a question, he has to ask the intros.
Mike Sackton: And you know, keep getting ready to.
Mike Sackton: That the Center to the San Andreas.
Mike Sackton: Just combined into people.
Mike Sackton: And that he's.
Rev. David: gonna come along I think it'll be a question as to.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: um well he's gonna come along okay.
Timothy Sackton: So wow Kansas off doing something that with wanders off to speak with Andreas and Bobby follow has and seeker takes one last what are you using your.
Timothy Sackton: Your stone site or or are you just like looking.
Eric Rosenbaum: stone said here before didn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep like in one of the very first sessions I don't remember much about what I saw except that there were stuff in there definitely.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who were about to travel today, so I will do it again today, yes okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK so.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be, what do you want to ask on dress.
Rev. David: i'm.
Rev. David: game, because my memories of less session apparently a little fuzzy like he was the one who is telling us about the way to get into the farewell but there's like a connection point to go into.
Rev. David: So they asked him is how do you travel safely in that land like is there, time is there, water, can you eat the food there like if we travel there, what do we need to do to travel safely.
Rev. David: How do you show appropriate respect to the people who live there.
Timothy Sackton: laughs.
Timothy Sackton: We don't.
Timothy Sackton: They are.
Timothy Sackton: They are not.
Timothy Sackton: They are not my allies.
Timothy Sackton: They are.
Timothy Sackton: The people of the a while that the people who could not be concerned to treat this world with the respect it deserves and so we're banished to keep this world from falling apart.
Timothy Sackton: Be wary.
Timothy Sackton: If you do follow that path for.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing is, as it seems, and the people there.
Timothy Sackton: The creatures that live there are.
Timothy Sackton: They are.
Timothy Sackton: Different.
Timothy Sackton: not see the world in the.
Timothy Sackton: way that you are I might later not.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: A deadly poison might be as a harmless prank in their minds.
Timothy Sackton: Might die because somebody thought it was funny.
Timothy Sackton: Or you might be given wishes beyond imagining because somebody was tickled by your appearance.
Timothy Sackton: It is a place of.
Timothy Sackton: chaos and.
Timothy Sackton: confusion.
Rev. David: For good.
Mike Sackton: i'll just thank him and.
Timothy Sackton: So everyone be returns to Camp after their last minute missions.
Rev. David: We deal with did you not use an eskimo anything after.
Mike Sackton: Now I am sending you separately.
Mike Sackton: Very good.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: and have Dar and about roughly 20 people now right up, they have about 3540 horses, half of which are loaded with well handful of actors are loaded with food and water some spares in case any go lame.
Timothy Sackton: Plenty of supplies and gear, most of them seemed armed with a shield and spear some sword some bows.
Timothy Sackton: A few more obvious scouts or outriders who have.
Timothy Sackton: This there, I mean have Darren clearly well liked by his by his people he's clearly.
You know.
Timothy Sackton: Clearly.
Timothy Sackton: used to being in command and clearly.
Timothy Sackton: You know trusted and respected by his warriors who are prepared to you know.
Timothy Sackton: trust him with their lives and expect him to have their lives.
Timothy Sackton: And they're obviously also ready to move quickly across the land being all skilled riders and and familiar with.
With the land.
Timothy Sackton: And so you set off.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: ride initially as you begin to had southeast of terroir is the land is not so different than.
Timothy Sackton: Then, where you, you know, then care well right it's it's sort of dry Kenyan land it's you know.
Timothy Sackton: occasional scrub.
Timothy Sackton: And all through the long first day.
Timothy Sackton: As you ride hard.
Timothy Sackton: Directly Southwest along the track that leads to bessie def.
Timothy Sackton: The bulk of the red Mesa is hanging.
Timothy Sackton: In the.
Timothy Sackton: I guess on your right hand side and somewhat behind you this, I mean this Mesa is huge it's miles across maybe maybe 20 even 2030 miles long and half that wide and it really dominates the horizon for quite some distance, as you travel south.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The first day you make camp.
Timothy Sackton: About let's see it's.
Timothy Sackton: on how far as us.
Timothy Sackton: So it's about 60 miles to bass and you can you let you cover about two thirds of that on the first day.
Timothy Sackton: So you make camp about about 1520 miles from Boston intending to arrive there by midday.
Timothy Sackton: midday, the next day and have some time to.
Timothy Sackton: investigate and take a look at the town, before turning East into the barren wastes of the blasted plane of the nascar where everything is dryer and dustier and there is.
Timothy Sackton: Little shelter from the heat, especially now the dry as part of the year before before you know before the reins of summer comes.
Timothy Sackton: So, and if there's any like if there's anything you want to do on the journey before you get the back seat, I feel free to interrupt me but otherwise i'll just narrate it because it doesn't seem worth role playing every moment.
Timothy Sackton: The next morning, so this would be.
Timothy Sackton: Let me make sure i'm keeping track of time here, so this would be.
Timothy Sackton: So April 28.
Timothy Sackton: You approach.
Timothy Sackton: Around mid day after lunch.
Timothy Sackton: after just a quick break for some food and a short raft into water, the horses.
Timothy Sackton: That the travel pattern has usually been rise before dawn travel for five six hours.
Timothy Sackton: Have.
Timothy Sackton: lunch travel for another hour until about 11 and then rest for two or three hours during the hottest part of the day, and in in what shade, you can find and then continue to travel past sunset.
Timothy Sackton: Making camp and falling into your.
Timothy Sackton: You know, falling asleep quickly, and so you arrive at bass just.
Timothy Sackton: In that hours journey after lunch as you're approaching the hardest part of the day, the plan being to.
Timothy Sackton: rest in the shade, and by sita and then spend the cooler afternoon seeing what's happened to the town because have Dar and his troops.
Timothy Sackton: More warriors than he has with them were involved in the we regard action that protected the people retreating from that data but.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody has been back to the town, since the noles came north.
Timothy Sackton: So so everybody is you know a bit nervous has.
Timothy Sackton: scouts kind of ride out to make sure there's no danger lurking.
Timothy Sackton: But as you approach.
Timothy Sackton: The so so this area was a town sort of like terroir slightly bigger and also the the terrain sort of West of here towards the shelter of the so there's another larger oasis that sits on top of an underground aquifer here.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps fed somehow from the oasis and so a lot of the land West West between the village and the oasis was actually agricultural i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Growing you know hearty grains things that drought tolerant crops, but enough water that that some some of this land could actually support agriculture um.
Timothy Sackton: But as you begin to approach it's all just black end for miles like a huge fire has raised through everything as burned.
Timothy Sackton: And as you begin to approach the.
Timothy Sackton: what's left of the village itself the.
Timothy Sackton: smell of charred flash starts to waft up to towards you.
Timothy Sackton: know you don't see a lot of bodies, perhaps, strangely, but everything all the land around here is burned all the farm has, as you pass through i've been.
Timothy Sackton: utterly destroyed, like the scale of destruction here is far greater than than whatever has been done to Kerala.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tell anything about.
Eric Rosenbaum: The burning.
Eric Rosenbaum: For example.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could the flames have spread naturally given the amount of fuel on the ground and other words like would farmland burn in this way, or would it have required additional magical energy to enhance the burning nation.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I mean it's very dry.
Timothy Sackton: there's also not a ton of vegetation right and sand doesn't exactly burn so it probably couldn't have been something where somebody just set a fire somewhere, and it would spread for 30 miles like a wildfire but.
Timothy Sackton: You know doesn't have to be magic if somebody went to each you know each crock pot of.
Timothy Sackton: You know somebody with a torch and some wood or something could easily have sat 10 or 15 or 20 fires that would have caused this destruction normally so in require kind of this seems very unlikely to have been able to happen carelessly required some intent.
Timothy Sackton: But not necessarily magic Obviously it would have been easy to do with magic.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you approach the.
Timothy Sackton: village itself i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The only.
Timothy Sackton: Part of it that is still standing really seems to be the temple in the Center of town, the temple of the five divine siblings of the donmar a.
Timothy Sackton: there's a small cluster of houses near the temple that still have intact rooms, but the temple itself seems to have been.
Timothy Sackton: cleaned up a bit actually um.
Timothy Sackton: It seems to have.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody has washed some set off the walls um.
Timothy Sackton: You know, from a distance anyway, it seems like the like it's been straight and then, as you begin to approach you to see.
Timothy Sackton: lined up.
Timothy Sackton: In a massive Rao.
Timothy Sackton: About 100 bodies.
Timothy Sackton: wrapped as if they're about there to be buried or burned burned would be the Denmark tradition clearly like taken care of like somebody's been here and is in the process of or has started the process of doing something about the dad.
Timothy Sackton: um you also see.
Timothy Sackton: As you approach.
Timothy Sackton: A number of vultures circling in the sky above the village much bigger than.
Timothy Sackton: Just normal.
Timothy Sackton: But they.
Timothy Sackton: Are eyes vultures are larger that seem to be interested in the body is.
Timothy Sackton: And hopped out rides up and he says.
Timothy Sackton: This is not what I expected.
keeping an eye on the sky.
Timothy Sackton: What do you make of these.
Mike Sackton: Clearly somebody's.
Mike Sackton: been here since the.
Mike Sackton: attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: would have cleaned up the temple like that.
Rev. David: Certainly one side.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I mean yeah So yes, have dire hold on one SEC i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not sure any music, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: Oh right I.
When I came back from the breakout room.
There we go.
Timothy Sackton: i'm half dressed as I think we should yes let's go see if there's somebody in the temple.
Timothy Sackton: And he he says, give me a moment and writes back to its troop and.
Timothy Sackton: Ask some to.
Timothy Sackton: stand guard around the temple and some to.
Timothy Sackton: keep watch.
Timothy Sackton: says, I don't like to look at those birds.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think I missed part of the description of the birds there unusually large and.
Timothy Sackton: Basically giant boulders like horse sized vultures.
Timothy Sackton: or circling.
Timothy Sackton: circling in the sky.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have you ever seen.
Timothy Sackton: Something that big.
Timothy Sackton: No, I don't think so, I mean you had heard rumors that among the creatures in the desert where.
Timothy Sackton: You know that come out of the blasted plane were giant Scorpions and also giant vultures.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's really big for filter.
Mike Sackton: yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: we've talked about this before, but I have to learn one down which seems dangerous.
Mike Sackton: How high up or they.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: 7080 feet.
Mike Sackton: What was odd, is why I mean this battle was.
Mike Sackton: The town was destroyed weeks ago yep.
Mike Sackton: So if the vultures we're gonna so something must have happened, more recently, is there any signs of.
Mike Sackton: Well, why don't we see what's I mean I.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's the bodies being moved around that attracted them.
Mike Sackton: Where the bodies move frank recently that's a good question.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes definitely recently.
Mike Sackton: Why days hours.
damn.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry i'm typing dish words.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: days and hours, like some like this has been a long process.
Timothy Sackton: The some of the bodies seem to have been dragged into place in the last hours but nobody's out right now and.
Rev. David: How many of them are there.
Timothy Sackton: How many birds are seven.
Mike Sackton: How many bodies there's like a like 100 right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah like hundreds.
Rev. David: will be will take a long, look up and.
Rev. David: turn it back to her from Nelson sit there.
Rev. David: they're coming to Eton they're not.
Rev. David: going to be chased away like ultras.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, do you want to go on the tadpole.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I mean, are the vultures like about to when.
Timothy Sackton: They mean they're doing that, like like raptor thing where they circle and are sort of looking around the landscape, they seem to be.
Timothy Sackton: deciding what to do about this, I mean yes they're circling down to land.
Timothy Sackton: They probably would have landed moments ago had not.
Mike Sackton: A troop of.
Timothy Sackton: A troop of people showed up and they're trying to decide what to do about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah you think some commotion would keep keep them skittish and.
high up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They look like undead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or mutated in somewhere they're just like vultures.
Timothy Sackton: I know they look more just like huge vultures.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean that's a natural went like.
Timothy Sackton: Right, I mean it's no more unnatural, then I mean there's like giant animals that come out of the the planes right there's enough weird magic here, you get just giant things right So although.
Timothy Sackton: Not.
Timothy Sackton: So yes, definitely unnatural but not necessarily like.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: wonder if we could get a saddle on one of those things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it looks at will be.
Rev. David: will be as engaged in in in tips stared out with these.
metrics.
Rev. David: Will you say without losing his like staring match with the lead vulture.
Rev. David: there.
Rev. David: they're bad news.
Rev. David: they're not right.
huh.
Rev. David: yeah.
Rev. David: We should.
Rev. David: Put.
Mike Sackton: Their 70 feet up.
Timothy Sackton: About 60 feet up yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: How.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should we take some cover maybe we should take some cover.
Mike Sackton: um i'll just i'll just blast one.
Eric Rosenbaum: hold it, how far outside of town or we still.
Timothy Sackton: Are intact, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're in town.
Timothy Sackton: is ruined right there's not any there's like except for the temple there's hardly any buildings of the roofs.
Timothy Sackton: And there's definitely like um.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's like walls around.
Timothy Sackton: Okay it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: not like what should.
Mike Sackton: I What if we just attack them.
Timothy Sackton: Okay down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh God.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm going towards the temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: When this happens, hopefully close to it.
Rev. David: covered in the temple wholesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'm also gonna go.
Timothy Sackton: back.
Mike Sackton: yeah hold on.
Mike Sackton: hold on wait wait wait wait wait might be on 20s or it might be on 20.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: knots.
Timothy Sackton: Ah didn't make a map of the village.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or it doesn't matter.
Timothy Sackton: that's ran out of time to make maps, I had too much game stuff to write.
Timothy Sackton: I can try you a quick mapped out.
Mike Sackton: Why is it not.
Mike Sackton: Oh it's sent to.
Mike Sackton: That wasn't the good attack roll.
Timothy Sackton: It messes that goes flying past and so let's see we've got.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
oops.
Timothy Sackton: ball something like that.
Timothy Sackton: And some walls.
couple buildings.
Rev. David: Oh sorry.
Timothy Sackton: So, to have the vultures dive down towards.
Timothy Sackton: towards well being.
Timothy Sackton: and
Eric Rosenbaum: Where are we.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: let's see here let's get.
Eric Rosenbaum: carefully and completely hidden from a type of it from this guy.
Timothy Sackton: you're kind of like heading towards the.
Timothy Sackton: heading towards the temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: where's the entrance to it.
right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay sweet city.
Timothy Sackton: As the algebra class flies flies wide of the one of the vultures day we all and start to swoop down.
Timothy Sackton: To have them dive for wellbeing.
Timothy Sackton: And let's see that's going to be.
Rev. David: The system initiative situation.
Ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's do some initiative that's the Jews are extremely effective it deterring walters from is an area of display proper.
Eric Rosenbaum: effigies need to be hung high enough to be seen from distance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh it's oh my God you actually hang a dead vulture upside down to deter other vultures.
Timothy Sackton: guys.
Looking.
Mike Sackton: So what's wrong with these vultures exactly well be.
Rev. David: they're really good at dodging eldridge blessed.
Eric Rosenbaum: hungry for.
Rev. David: It they just you know they just see one time.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're rolling initiative Jason.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know why this initiative tracker isn't working here.
i'm gonna use.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: 622 okay I got it.
Timothy Sackton: And I need have dark as well, so.
Timothy Sackton: So while be a sex.
Timothy Sackton: seeker is.
Timothy Sackton: Tell which is their team kenzo is 20.
Timothy Sackton: That did not work.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you need a permit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bobby do you need a ride one.
Rev. David: hope that we'll try it out.
Eric Rosenbaum: loud noises disturb realtors that's good spring of the garden hose or pyrotechnics.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, there we go.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see well be sex seeker was.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: i'm giving the vultures that the two vultures that dough down.
Timothy Sackton: towards well the.
Timothy Sackton: Each are going to make an attack.
Timothy Sackton: With their talents.
Timothy Sackton: So wanna that happened.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, sorry five points of damage as it grasp see with its talents and the other is going to attempt to grab what you.
Eric Rosenbaum: would be fine.
Timothy Sackton: So that's a acrobatics check.
It grapples.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's out of move, so it has no more opportunity to.
Timothy Sackton: do anything else, this turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now seekers what.
Eric Rosenbaum: 2022.
Rev. David: I did in the talents of this thing right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'm so excited i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just gonna ride the vulture.
Eric Rosenbaum: sort of jumping up in the air and clapping my hands really loud like get out of here vultures while also.
Eric Rosenbaum: Throwing in the air, an explosion symbol and throwing it in between the two vultures attacking will be that will.
Eric Rosenbaum: make a shattering.
Eric Rosenbaum: incredibly painful rain sounds awesome.
Timothy Sackton: Okay constitution.
Rev. David: Do I have to do that.
Timothy Sackton: Now he can put it so you're because they're.
Timothy Sackton: much bigger than you so you are sheltered from the shatter by the bulk of the vaults of that is trying to fly off with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One that is grappling you know stays there, so I can jump on top of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Timothy Sackton: They both fail.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: And are knocked badly damaged not quite enough to kill them but they're looking they're looking seriously hurt by this.
Timothy Sackton: By this noise by this explosion.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I also move.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep so i'm running towards.
Eric Rosenbaum: The entrance to the temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a move of 20.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can get to right outside the entrance but you can't get inside.
Eric Rosenbaum: trying to get inside oh I can't move myself.
that's weird.
Let me see if I can fix that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or you can just move me that's fine.
Timothy Sackton: that's weird says, you should be able to move yourself um i'll just move you, though, to not.
Timothy Sackton: complicate things Okay, so you can get to their great ken's out your APP.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Though is the is the volta that was grappling well be it's not off of all the.
Timothy Sackton: Know they're still holding on to them it's early dad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay um.
Eric Rosenbaum: is a bad headache.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the other one is just kind of next to him right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I can I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: attack the one that's next to him and then as a second move i'm like tried to grapple but the vulture that's grappling him.
Timothy Sackton: You yeah you could you could make an unarmed strikes as a bonus action if you yeah you could do that all right yeah so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It kind of is going to take this quarter staff um I guess I would be standing on even though, as you can imagine, close enough pencil will strike with this quarter staff at the wounded, one that is not grappling well be and.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah not his dad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah kenza does like kind of reeling in spins the staff like definitely just smashes his head in.
Rev. David: So we'll look over at the smash want to cut it.
Rev. David: kind of make public adjuster like a bit yeah yeah.
Rev. David: yeah so so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: smashes the head smashes the head and then orals in the same motion with a backhand strike to the to the other vulture that is currently grappling welby and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Attempting to collapse it's sinus cavity oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow also.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so you also like smash that one, and it is also dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: delicate bones right because.
Timothy Sackton: They were I mean they were nearly dead.
Timothy Sackton: From.
Timothy Sackton: The shatter.
Timothy Sackton: The other five seeing two of their companions dad look around.
Timothy Sackton: And notice, though, that.
let's see who can they grab.
Eric Rosenbaum: Basically, already this.
Timothy Sackton: One so this one's gonna we'll dive down towards kenzo being pissed at him for.
Timothy Sackton: Killing these two and it will go for attack, with its peak.
Timothy Sackton: Which messes and then it will also attempt to grapple you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice come at me.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so make a.
Timothy Sackton: acrobatics check.
Timothy Sackton: And it.
grabbed you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on, I have a plus six.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe you're going to get into.
Eric Rosenbaum: One to read this thing after.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is good, though yeah maybe I will get a chance to write it.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: At then flies with you and it's claw 10 feet up into the air.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh geez.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is beautiful is exactly what I want.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're not afraid of heights right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No kenzo can fall from like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not very nice totally be told.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your money you're good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah if I can get us an acrobatic grapple match with this thing in Bonaire This is exactly what.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: The other for now.
Timothy Sackton: fly off.
Timothy Sackton: As hogged are shouting loudly to his true arrows.
Timothy Sackton: they begin to fly up in the sky, just as a rain of arrows strikes.
let's see where did my.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, they send a small army with us.
Timothy Sackton: Just as a rain of arrows.
Timothy Sackton: strikes and then.
Timothy Sackton: let's see have Dar.
Timothy Sackton: Well grab a spear.
Timothy Sackton: And rush forward on his.
Timothy Sackton: Like grabbing a spear from his back and just.
Timothy Sackton: Take aim at the one that is.
Timothy Sackton: Flying away with kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: and
Come on.
Eric Rosenbaum: His nickname is lunch.
Timothy Sackton: And while launch launches spear.
Timothy Sackton: it's far enough away so he has disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: But they're easy to hat and his beer drake's the side of this one.
Timothy Sackton: Doing five points of damage and then.
Timothy Sackton: He will.
Timothy Sackton: yell at you kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: and say.
Timothy Sackton: attack.
Timothy Sackton: and give you an opportunity to make a special extra attack using your reaction.
whoa.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, can I um tonight grapple the vulture and like try to get on top of it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so at the moment with this reaction attack all you can do is make an attack you would normally have to break free of a grapple before you can move with so on your turn you can attempt to break free of the grapple and climb onto its back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I try to break through the grapple now it has been active.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That the attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How we did, is it is it like strong.
Timothy Sackton: This one's not we did all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I fucking small sided come on honey.
Timothy Sackton: I would be your action on your turn.
Mike Sackton: It is wounded, a little bit right it got hit by a.
Timothy Sackton: spear right it's.
Timothy Sackton: got a spirits thinking.
Eric Rosenbaum: What part of kenzo is it is it like that its talons or Amazon or something.
Timothy Sackton: it's got his talents around his torso I mean it's it's big.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I can I, instead of attacking it rides for you great free to grapple.
recently.
Timothy Sackton: Not now basically you can with with half darn special attack ability, you can make a weapon attack or do nothing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'll do it on strike today, and you go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay punch it in the chest.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right now.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: swing and.
Timothy Sackton: powered by.
Timothy Sackton: Have Doris words you strike with extra ferocity doing an additional six points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: For a total of 12 points of blessing damage and the vulture staggers lightly.
Timothy Sackton: As a rain of arrows flies up from the battlefield.
Timothy Sackton: Three of them hitting one vulture four or five hitting one vulture knocking it down and the rest wounding the other ones with your vulture being on damaged kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: As the archers are trying to be careful about.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not.
Timothy Sackton: Not hitting you by accident, so not have shot at yours.
Timothy Sackton: Down with your up.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I may regret this.
Mike Sackton: kenzo.
Mike Sackton: hold on a second.
Mike Sackton: dealt with will van it will take a step forward, I assume I can do this, then that will take a step forward and appear on top of the vulture.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you trying to do my shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's it.
Mike Sackton: it's over the.
Mike Sackton: Summer day.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think you should really big enough for.
Mike Sackton: yeah but.
Mike Sackton: Carry you off.
Mike Sackton: I want to try to save your life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God like this is like i'm like a little bit, I want to fucking.
Mike Sackton: You don't.
Mike Sackton: You don't want it to die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I want to fucking write it, I want to write it, I want to fucking like i'm I can like I can I can ah, I mean do what you're gonna do bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like is actually.
Mike Sackton: A bad forgetting you kept getting you grappled by a vulture.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: exactly where he wants it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like exactly where he wants to be.
Mike Sackton: Right and then I will.
Mike Sackton: Probably miss.
Timothy Sackton: know that head.
Mike Sackton: And i'm using booming blade.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so, but you don't add the booming blade damage.
Mike Sackton: Right um I believe that is correct.
Timothy Sackton: But you didn't you didn't explain.
Mike Sackton: curse it so you're just doing damage yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: So down with appears and slashes done it with the shadow blade and the vulture staggered slightly as this.
Timothy Sackton: pool of energy surrounds at, and it is like bleeding out of this gosh it looks like it can probably barely fly at this point, anyway.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, well be is turn.
Rev. David: A.
Rev. David: glance the tour of his companions now both the left, on top of this falter and.
Rev. David: shrug and.
Rev. David: work towards one of the other ones on its way away and trying to shut it down.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, there are now about so they were like they're probably about 100 feet up.
Rev. David: Right so i'll take.
Rev. David: I will.
Rev. David: Do okay I won't move on this turn and i'll use steady aim.
Rev. David: And to cancel out the disadvantage myself.
Timothy Sackton: disappointed as it's a bit far away, for your short bout to reach.
Timothy Sackton: seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh um.
Eric Rosenbaum: I sort of look up at the now.
Eric Rosenbaum: To people hanging off of the flying holsters, which is also squirting blood out.
Eric Rosenbaum: And chuckle a little bit and.
Eric Rosenbaum: enter the temple.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Inside the temple you see sort of towering from the sounds of battle.
Timothy Sackton: it's clearly been cleaned up quite a bit inside there's a person.
Timothy Sackton: Hiding inside the temple and sort of cowering in the corner looks up shocked when you enter not expecting to see a dwarf, but doesn't have a chance to react before it is Kansas turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, well, so now now with is on top of the vulture also he's like dub dub is on top of the vulture.
Mike Sackton: yep that's from for two.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there room for two.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah definitely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright i'll try to break through the grapple.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, making acrobatics check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Rev. David: slick, the only robo lady that's amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And alright so after breaking free of the grapple can I flipped myself onto the back of the voltron now.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other acrobatics.
rob.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i'd say acrobatics but not too difficult.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I just do it or do I have to do.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, well acrobatics but it's an easy DC.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you've had nice perfectly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like I like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Out of like a window, maybe like like like like I take from the claws and I like literally like flip and you see tesla just like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, like I look like a fucking good I I like flip over on top, and then the land standing on the back, like standing like two feet no hands and now it's like like surfing on the vulture like literally like just kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Balancing life without like holding it at all, and then kenza like there's a dial up and says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm trying to ride this thing.
Mike Sackton: was trying to scare you off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because it's locked.
Mike Sackton: Up thankful, you had a broken out of its claws.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And kinds of kenzo is is kind of like laughing I had it right, where I wanted to do it, you have to come up here geez.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry you're going to try and kill it or let you carry it off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is he is he flying away.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's flying away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How high up or we again.
Timothy Sackton: you're about 15 feet off right now but it's heading straight off.
Mike Sackton: Thank you, kill it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, I strike it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: smash down on the back of the head.
Timothy Sackton: Make your unarmed strikes.
Come on.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that kills that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah doe if you take.
Timothy Sackton: You take two points of falling damage kenza you take non obviously.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kensal like like in this like one move you basically see him like flip up is like on top of the vulture surfing without having like grabbed it and then also like an emotion like falls off the vulture like jumps off the baltimore magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: takes his elbow and like you know cracks the score of the vulture and then like gracefully lands like land like keep balls lands and then like the carcass of the vulture lands and then del it lands like in that in that order approximately that order.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, sorry sorry potential lens last.
Mike Sackton: First, fresh the carcasses of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of the vulture lands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then dealt with like right lands right there like also and then 10s of like Greg.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't even really land it's like he's walking down a staircase in the air, he likes steps down out of the sky.
Timothy Sackton: Hawk Dar looks around.
Timothy Sackton: That was interesting.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, as the rest of his troops unleash their arrows killing one more of the vultures, while the other before the other two are too high up.
Timothy Sackton: To be targeted.
Timothy Sackton: And he says.
Timothy Sackton: Let me go speak with my troops briefly will set a watch, I do not think they'll be returning, and if they do, do you not think they will like the welcome they receive.
Timothy Sackton: Give me a moment i'll meet you inside the temple.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: speaker as the combat ends.
Timothy Sackton: You see, the inside of the temple.
Timothy Sackton: There, there is so Besides this, this young man probably clearly done Mara you probably in his early 20s at.
Timothy Sackton: oldest if not a teenager wearing.
Timothy Sackton: traveling gear, with a Gray ish robe draped over at has a little camp set up inside the temple it seems.
Timothy Sackton: And you see.
Timothy Sackton: arranged across the temple it's been sort of cleaned out a little bit and all the lake you know pews and seating and everything is gone the the altars of the five divides of the five siblings have been cleaned up.
Timothy Sackton: And arranged on each altar there are hundreds of little statues like maybe this big of each God.
Timothy Sackton: Little So these are This is like a dunmurry tradition, they each.
Timothy Sackton: Many Denmark as they travel around.
Timothy Sackton: don't regularly come to temples and so they carry these little icons of the gods and this seems to be a collection of.
Timothy Sackton: Hundreds of them that have been cleaned and sorted and arranged in this temple.
Timothy Sackton: And the.
Timothy Sackton: person that done Mari who is.
Timothy Sackton: kind of cowering in here, seeing a dwarf enter hearing the sounds of battle.
Timothy Sackton: Presumably the rest of you enter.
Timothy Sackton: Relatively shortly.
After.
Timothy Sackton: Just his eyes just go.
Timothy Sackton: incredibly wide.
Timothy Sackton: And then you see his kenza walk in and he, like immediately latches on to you.
Timothy Sackton: any sort of.
Timothy Sackton: looks up like.
Timothy Sackton: myths and legends walking the land, what what is this what's happening.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You tell us friend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What happened here looking directly at.
Timothy Sackton: It kinds of speaker Dun Dun Mari.
Your companions you.
Timothy Sackton: out and he's like staring at.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10 zero like stands in front of dealt with.
they're really not that impressive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tell us young one.
Timothy Sackton: that's a long story.
Short we sat on.
Timothy Sackton: he's like shaking any sort of staggers over to his.
Timothy Sackton: To like a little seat that's a little like like area that's been cleared out with a.
Timothy Sackton: Some water and stuff.
Timothy Sackton: And he sits down and he.
Timothy Sackton: Are those.
Timothy Sackton: creatures go on.
Timothy Sackton: The vultures.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You dispatch them yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That is good, and as he's talking he keeps sort of looking back like despite what kinds of sad he keeps his only talking to cancer, but it keeps looking back at dawn was like what's happening and.
Timothy Sackton: he's he then sounds.
Timothy Sackton: i've been here for maybe a week.
Timothy Sackton: There are so many dad.
Timothy Sackton: So many dad who have not been.
Timothy Sackton: handed whose souls, have not been cared for.
Eric Rosenbaum: I came.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe eight days ago now.
Timothy Sackton: sent here by my masters.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For your masters.
Timothy Sackton: Can I.
Timothy Sackton: Can I talk around them, looking at your companions are they.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: speak freely freely.
Timothy Sackton: they're not done Marty.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's all right.
Timothy Sackton: Are you sure.
i'm positive.
Timothy Sackton: My master's pov RON offer us.
Timothy Sackton: They live.
Timothy Sackton: south east of here.
Timothy Sackton: My order is not um.
Timothy Sackton: We have no real home we we travel we.
Timothy Sackton: We tend to the last stories of the dunmurry to the history that is missing, to the.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how much you know about.
Timothy Sackton: The history of this land and again is assuming you know but looking at everybody else.
Timothy Sackton: share so.
Timothy Sackton: So so many people died unmarked unnoticed out in the blasted planes in the cursed land.
Timothy Sackton: hundreds of years ago.
Timothy Sackton: And there are still lost souls to find.
Timothy Sackton: And even those who have faded and gone.
Timothy Sackton: There are memories, to remember, there are.
Timothy Sackton: hell's to mark.
Timothy Sackton: And so, as i've been trained we've taken this as our.
duty.
Timothy Sackton: When we heard.
Timothy Sackton: Of the.
Timothy Sackton: Loss here of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the battle here.
Timothy Sackton: I came.
Timothy Sackton: To see to make sure that those.
Timothy Sackton: who died are not forgotten.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: It is difficult work.
Timothy Sackton: A learning experience.
Timothy Sackton: But I can send their peace.
Timothy Sackton: As the parties burden their souls go.
Timothy Sackton: to sit with the gods and with fishman cortana.
Timothy Sackton: But this morning.
Timothy Sackton: I was preparing the latest.
Timothy Sackton: batch of buried bodies, I had found.
Timothy Sackton: partially just just arrived in houses that had collapsed and I had exposed the bodies, out of the rubble.
Timothy Sackton: And was preparing to burn them this evening when those birds started circling.
Timothy Sackton: One of them.
Timothy Sackton: go down at me and I ran.
Timothy Sackton: It didn't know what else to do I, I had I.
Timothy Sackton: There were a lot of them, and they were very big.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you seen any any vultures like that, before the new area.
Timothy Sackton: They are not a common sight, but not unheard of.
Timothy Sackton: I have been warned, but I.
Timothy Sackton: It is a lot of work, and I wanted to treat each one with respect to.
Timothy Sackton: Make sure that nobody was forgotten that.
Timothy Sackton: The gods could see everybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you've done well done well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM what what what what branches Egan or what what.
Timothy Sackton: He didn't say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I sell from his garb.
Timothy Sackton: Not anything you're familiar with.
He said.
Timothy Sackton: He didn't say his name either.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's your name young one.
amo amo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm kenzo these are my companions I sort of gesture you all like introduce yourself to the kid typically.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm seeker.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: amo.
Now, was.
Rev. David: laughing.
Timothy Sackton: As senior kind before.
Rev. David: Because I felt like there was something.
Rev. David: Maybe it was for him and they just strict.
Mike Sackton: Dallas not slightly.
Mike Sackton: i'm Dallas.
Mike Sackton: i'm a visitor to your lands.
Timothy Sackton: His eyes sort of go wide I, I can see i've.
Timothy Sackton: i've only.
Timothy Sackton: heard rumor once of an Elf.
Timothy Sackton: My my masters say they.
Timothy Sackton: found an alpha in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: A long time ago wow months ago.
Timothy Sackton: never saw him.
Mike Sackton: TIM.
Mike Sackton: yeah you have to tell me who found.
Timothy Sackton: All you remember as a shopper there was a separate.
Mike Sackton: taken care of you.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you don't have very clear memory is you remember appearing in the.
Timothy Sackton: desert and seeing this ruin town with a giant arch you know, a giant monument of like a horse and.
Timothy Sackton: sort of delirious with thurston passing in and out of consciousness and delirious and then you remember gradually come becoming aware of this shepherd family who's taking care of.
Timothy Sackton: Your master son is about 200.
Mike Sackton: miles frame.
Mike Sackton: Where where did this event occur if I may ask which event.
Mike Sackton: The finding of the Elf.
Timothy Sackton: In in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: I only joined them a few months ago.
Timothy Sackton: I came from the north.
Timothy Sackton: This was.
Timothy Sackton: This was before.
Timothy Sackton: This must have been during the rainy season last year.
Timothy Sackton: Right in the desert, they said.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which gaudy which got it done Mario do you surf although.
Timothy Sackton: We serve all the gods, of course, but I think it is not.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: forbidden truth for me to say that.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: Particularly.
Timothy Sackton: devote a of the mystery cult of my.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: friends are kind of serious at all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will help you today, your tasks.
Mike Sackton: Your masters.
Mike Sackton: Where are they now.
Timothy Sackton: Still in their house south of here on the edge of the desert southeast of here.
Rev. David: soon.
Rev. David: Where.
Timothy Sackton: So a few days journey to the east and south on the edge of the desert.
Rev. David: Can you call the battle map, so we can see the.
Mike Sackton: hour here mean is this, though stone house.
Timothy Sackton: It could be.
Mike Sackton: That little red.oh.
Timothy Sackton: whoops I moved the.
Eric Rosenbaum: There we go.
Mike Sackton: that's.
Timothy Sackton: Right, that would be about a two day journey south east of here yeah it's about 40 miles.
Mike Sackton: that's weird i'm I think fate may have brought me to this village at this time.
Mike Sackton: I was.
Mike Sackton: found in the desert.
Mike Sackton: Some six months ago.
Mike Sackton: But I do not recall by WHO.
Timothy Sackton: You are that.
Mike Sackton: I can only assume.
Timothy Sackton: amazing.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: I am stunned.
Timothy Sackton: yeah sure making inside check.
Timothy Sackton: Now, with you said, your name was kenzo and at this moment, the door opens and half Dar and a woman who you've seen around in his troops, who seems to be like one of his you know more trusted advisors both.
Timothy Sackton: slant open the door and stride into the temple and the woman stops for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: Like puts her arm on on have your shoulder and walks to the to the altar of our gear which is like again, like all of them is like coated with.
Timothy Sackton: Hundreds of these little icons and she kneels briefly before and bands her head.
Timothy Sackton: and have their walks over to you and says.
Timothy Sackton: what's this.
Rev. David: Because I have to step up just for a couple minutes, but I think you should keep rolling like unless you are really want to take a break for a couple minutes i'm totally fine if you keep rolling.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So almost gets like tells them the same story he just told you and and.
Timothy Sackton: Javier sort of passes had and says.
Timothy Sackton: We are grateful young one my warriors will assist you in this task for this afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: we're also keeping our eyes and bows at the ready should those be returned.
Timothy Sackton: So I believe it is safe to continue your work when you are ready.
Timothy Sackton: I will spend a moment in prayer.
And then bring work to my to my troop.
Timothy Sackton: And i'm all kinds of things that men hot air goes off.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM.
Eric Rosenbaum: This was not one of the five siblings.
Timothy Sackton: No bish my is the.
Timothy Sackton: The she's another like demigod she stuff like the founder of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh cortana and.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: me which one is she.
Timothy Sackton: Is she the one he's the like founder of Denmark okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And she is the one who supposedly.
Mike Sackton: To volley back to right right right right and.
Timothy Sackton: Supposedly, is the mother of.
Timothy Sackton: Kuhn.
If you believe the story is that.
Timothy Sackton: lock on this together, or two kids together.
Mike Sackton: She was mortal.
Timothy Sackton: She was mortal yes okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I will also take a two minute break i'm going to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: check on my mom real quick.
Timothy Sackton: Okay let's just take a.
Mike Sackton: break then perfect.
Timothy Sackton: I could use some water cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The temple.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the denomination or whatever.
Timothy Sackton: So this is just a sort of standard temple to the five siblings.
Timothy Sackton: it's a it's not a like a mystery cult so pretty much all that Denmark unless it's the like a monastery or another temple that's a.
Timothy Sackton: that's a like a home base for one of these.
Timothy Sackton: are pretty much all five siblings.
Timothy Sackton: there's like a few exceptions, like a like a library might have like a shrine to lock up attached to it because he's like the God of knowledge and.
Timothy Sackton: Military forts might have shrines to our gear the God of war right things like that, but mostly temples are just to all five of them, except for the mystery cults which are focused on single god's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any notable about that the temple.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing particularly amazing I mean it's um.
Timothy Sackton: it's it was clearly damaged.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, before it's you know before it was damaged it may have been, you know slightly bigger a nicer than the one in Kerala even because much of the attention, there is taken up by sure coons calls.
Timothy Sackton: But even though the roof did not collapse, it was you know.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely took some damage a lot some of the windows are knocked out right it's not fully intact and it's been picked up with care, but not completely.
Timothy Sackton: So there's still some you know.
Timothy Sackton: The area around the so so it's sort of arranged as a as like.
Timothy Sackton: Like hexagon almost where one of the six faces is the entry way there's a little bit of like a.
Timothy Sackton: sort of entry area that then leads into the main temple and then around the five phases, the other five phases of the main temple others one sort of Chapel slash altar slash kind of worship area for each of the five siblings.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't seem like he's given special attention to any particular.
Timothy Sackton: One of them they've all been sort of cleaned up as best he could equally and the little icons that that have been arranged have been sorted by.
Timothy Sackton: by God, so each God has a little cluster of the icons of the data represent them in front of them around the altars.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah Kansas Kansas will will take some time and go go around to each each altar and you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do some prayer and spend a special particular time in front of the lock in one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was it, how was it clear what it was I did obvious like what the source of destruction was like i'm kind of humanoid like weapons breaking shit like.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it definitely looks like battle damage or a combination of battle damage and fire damage yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the name again humble.
problem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll Do you know what did this was the source of all of this chaos here.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: There was an attack, I heard.
Timothy Sackton: I wasn't not here for a such event.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: Some sort of beast out of the desert, that should not be.
Timothy Sackton: This is what my masters told me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What kind of beast and when did this happen.
Timothy Sackton: It happened.
Timothy Sackton: Some weeks ago.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps almost a month ago.
Timothy Sackton: But we only learned of this event.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe, three weeks ago.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: I arrived.
Timothy Sackton: A few days, maybe four or five days after that about.
10 days ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How did you learn it what happened here.
Timothy Sackton: My masters told me that there had been.
Timothy Sackton: An attack and that.
Timothy Sackton: It was it was West not East, which was surprising, but meant it was.
Well, should be safe.
Timothy Sackton: or safer than heading east.
Timothy Sackton: or South the worst.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are you supposed to return to your masters.
Timothy Sackton: When my task is done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm kind of looks at adela.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps we can all aid in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Completing normals tasks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And perhaps it may be worthwhile returning with him.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Oh, my oh your masters of that I would be honored to pay it.
I.
Timothy Sackton: Oh okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just like laughing.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure i'm sure they.
Timothy Sackton: Welcome you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are the names of your masters almost.
An offer us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long have you how long have you studied under.
Timothy Sackton: them.
Timothy Sackton: Only a few months, as I said.
Timothy Sackton: I did my early training in our order.
Timothy Sackton: Up North and had just come here to the heart.
Timothy Sackton: Of the blasted plans were.
Timothy Sackton: For the next step of my.
Learning.
Where I could.
Timothy Sackton: Do more than listen to stories, but actually tend to souls.
Timothy Sackton: Not that those who collect stories are unimportant by any means he sort of seems like it's sort of like catching himself of something he wasn't supposed to say.
Timothy Sackton: collecting the stories of those still alive is also our mission.
Timothy Sackton: But for me.
Timothy Sackton: Putting to rest.
Timothy Sackton: Those curse to wander in darkness has always.
Timothy Sackton: been.
Timothy Sackton: been why i'm here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it puts a hand on the shoulder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: deed a noble.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: noble purpose life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will help you.
I greatly appreciate that.
Timothy Sackton: has been a.
Timothy Sackton: more difficult path than I expected.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10 does does tensile understand, like the nature of the task that he's doing is just how to sort of like kind of standard.
Timothy Sackton: Like monks yeah I mean, basically, the idea is you know.
he's.
Timothy Sackton: Still, like you know i'd done Mari like funeral would be you know would basically be a pyre and burning the bodies and saying a few prayers and yeah that's effectively all he's doing is saying some prayers finding that leaving trying not to leave any dead and buried basically so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess My point is just like tesla was interested in making this expedition is also possible process as possible, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah he be the one to like kind of go to hot dogs and be like hey like and he would start like working with hot dogs to like just make this logistically quick.
Timothy Sackton: Because I mean the the burning the bodies and saying a prayer is actually not the hard part right it's the.
Timothy Sackton: uncovering the bodies from the rubble and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it.
Timothy Sackton: Right and bringing you know.
Timothy Sackton: wrapping them in in cloth or whatever in and getting them to a place where you can.
Timothy Sackton: Have a pirate and say prayers like if if you could magically teleport all the bodies to a funeral pyre when taken very long so hot cars troop is perfectly yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it.
Timothy Sackton: organized for this kind of task.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so so basically we kind of get to work on that they they just start doing that.
Timothy Sackton: So he is super grateful, I mean nobody's really working everybody takes a break after the battle in and, like most intense heat of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the day of the sun, but by you know the middle of the afternoon as it starts to cool down a bit right is everybody's operating pretty efficiently and his his.
Timothy Sackton: You know his warriors his his troop is pretty well kind of organized.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: Mostly it's it's like you know all of the sort of easy people to recover have have been recovered and he's already done with that and now there's one section of the village.
Timothy Sackton: Where the you know the rooms had all collapsed and there seems to be a number of people who.
Timothy Sackton: who had died in in that collapse.
Timothy Sackton: Though.
Timothy Sackton: Is that his past few days.
Timothy Sackton: So, with the addition of 20 you know skilled warriors and seekers.
Timothy Sackton: Saving ability.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think this goes.
Timothy Sackton: Right, this goes quite quickly.
Timothy Sackton: And by by evening you know.
Timothy Sackton: he's feeling pretty you know.
Timothy Sackton: there's he has you know you can have a big.
Timothy Sackton: Here, he does sort of a big like prayer right with the sun setting and.
Timothy Sackton: You know, probably, he would be ready to leave by the next afternoon after just spending the early part of the morning, making sure that he didn't miss anybody, but he's been here a while, and he has a pretty good sense of things, and it was just.
Timothy Sackton: time it took to clear rubble and get the body, you know, and that was just very Labor intensive for like one young guy, even though he looks pretty fit right but.
Rev. David: logo.
A.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: horse quick summary, we talk more with the kid.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and basically all helped and the body's worked with obnoxious troops.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got them buried and we're now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we just did the funeral rites for the dead.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so.
As the sun is setting.
Timothy Sackton: arm of the.
Timothy Sackton: monk priest whatever is you know, has collected a bunch of people now and and sort of doing saying some prayers and and.
Timothy Sackton: doing a little bit of a service, as the body is burning the smoke goes up into the sky and.
Timothy Sackton: He is clearly like really grateful that I mean not that he was like you know unhappy with his task, but this was a lot more work than he anticipated and having these people to help him and share this moment.
Timothy Sackton: You know, certainly meant a lot to him and he is very grateful, especially to kenzo who you know he currently has a connection with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And just to say to him, we did we, I mean i'm not saying around at well be, in particular, and the restaurant, we did not do the bodies right like we just just burn them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like.
Mike Sackton: Not with the bodies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean liberate the bodies sorry liberate the bodies of any unwanted items.
Timothy Sackton: yeah cough.
Timothy Sackton: recovering history when you do it and looting, when the target audience do that.
liberty.
Rev. David: I will say I think of the four of us will be has the deepest respect for.
Rev. David: Customs of the dead, but when you find in the bed and wizards tower like.
Rev. David: Who are you disrespecting by stealing from it right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm all for it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: That evening.
Timothy Sackton: i'm as i'm sort of packing up a little bit and says he's making preparations to leave tomorrow afternoon he says so.
Timothy Sackton: Are you will you come with me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of course we would be we were eager to meet your masters.
Timothy Sackton: I would.
Timothy Sackton: I would certainly appreciate the company, I feel.
Timothy Sackton: In the week since I got here the desert has grown.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It hospitable.
Timothy Sackton: hospitable is a good word.
I am.
Timothy Sackton: I was nervous of the journey back alone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That again where's hopped are going from here.
East okay.
Timothy Sackton: So so he'll he'll come up and he'll be like so our paths are parting here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would appear so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will accompany the boy to his masters to learn, we can from their.
Rev. David: deserted.
Timothy Sackton: Last didn't see anybody there assuming it's the same House, but it was it was clearly not deserted right she said, there was like you know, water, there was animals every look very lived in just nobody was there.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Have Doris you know Horn he on the one hand, clearly things this late poor boy should not be wandering the desert alone, but also, you know, was a little bit counting on you and after seeing you fight in that battle.
Timothy Sackton: is like newfound respect.
Timothy Sackton: For the four of you, but he says, I understand your path takes you with this boy, and indeed.
Timothy Sackton: The thought of him.
Timothy Sackton: wandering alone, the desert does not sit well with me.
Timothy Sackton: I could send a few of my troops to ask or him, if needed, but if you are.
Timothy Sackton: intending on talking with his masters, then I would feel more comfortable now, and he was not traveling alone.
Timothy Sackton: That side if there is a part of orcs out in the desert, I still feel like it use your aid.
Timothy Sackton: In that battle.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you turn East or somewhere else, after you speak with this boys masters.
Timothy Sackton: Or do you not know.
Rev. David: I think our intent is to turn us even to try and rejoin you, but it may be that we find something that census elsewhere don't wait us.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: He he says.
Timothy Sackton: Like speaks a moment with you well being kind of gives you the lay of the land and says, you know that landmarks and things you need to find and follow to get to the place where he's intending to set his base camp.
Timothy Sackton: showed you intend to rejoin me.
Timothy Sackton: I believe.
Timothy Sackton: That should be sufficient directions to allow you to find where we intend to camp.
Timothy Sackton: And if you do not find us there it's either because of great danger or.
We were killed, which means great danger.
Rev. David: i'll tell him.
Rev. David: Now, where these giant vultures Okay, but.
Rev. David: we've the regular size none evil vultures alive.
Rev. David: And they'll help lead us to you.
Timothy Sackton: I had to only what is needed to feed our troops, unless they are, as you say.
Timothy Sackton: malicious intent.
i'm with you on that.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Should.
Timothy Sackton: thousand strong horde of orcs be coming over the horizon.
Timothy Sackton: We will do our best to send riders in your direction to warn you, and this boy and his masters.
Timothy Sackton: As, whoever they are living alone in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps they have a way of hiding.
Timothy Sackton: But otherwise I expect, they will need to flee as well.
Timothy Sackton: nothin says, I will leave you to your preparations we will depart early in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: Good luck.
Timothy Sackton: I hope to fight with you again someday.
Rev. David: with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Personally, I think that will be too likely the case.
Timothy Sackton: He rides on he walks off to sort of sat his troops camp and get them prepared for an early departure before dawn well you settle in for the evening with.
Timothy Sackton: With amo planning on leaving.
Timothy Sackton: boss in the afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and have Dr Davies up the supplies, so that you get and you get an extra horse which amo can.
Timothy Sackton: ride or walk beside and you know, a cask of water and a good a good chunk of supplies for a few days, a few days journey without you having to.
Timothy Sackton: worry about forging or anything in the desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: eek.
Eric Rosenbaum: kenzo aside the evening.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I said this.
Eric Rosenbaum: This kid seems to have an affinity for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: When i'm a bit worried about the association in this place to a got to WHO.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know quite what type of a person or villain she might be, and who she might associated with and so.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's worth finding out if the kid knows anything about her or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: My intentions are pure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: leia.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think that now that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now that we've met all he's a pretty intense tell me if i'm reading this correctly, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He seems like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The den Marty.
Is.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean he is he's young he's probably like he's definitely.
Timothy Sackton: he's probably like just like he is.
Timothy Sackton: he's like you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: How I felt like like you know, six months after you arrived at the monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly it says it's like yeah this, this is not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What we know about a gotta dust mother or what we've heard about her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This boy is is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's a pretty typical young young acolyte basically I don't sense that his masters are and got the dust mother, I think that they.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did this this is masters that's My guess is and especially if they are the ones that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have relation to finding dealt with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It seems as though this is is maybe not cannot ask connected with the Gaza.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Unless and then kinds of kind of like looks at dealt with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Unless dollar you are somehow involved in the trade.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: isn't that interesting.
Mike Sackton: hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it is it worth asking i'm all.
Rev. David: four of us just like stuff in there silently for like a long pause on that one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know seeker yeah you're right, it may be worth i'll take a lot of side and see what I can learn.
Eric Rosenbaum: appearances can be deceiving and I see that you intuitively trust this person.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tell me, you know i've been solid citing him and he seems just like a totally like naive like kid right he's not he's not.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean he is what you sense from him, like the you know what you pick up from him is like you know some surprise and like you know.
Timothy Sackton: Talk a bit, but also like just like.
Timothy Sackton: You know he's like.
Timothy Sackton: You know your sense of him is he's like this sort of like data he's like an eager young.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Totally totally.
Timothy Sackton: Dedicated guy right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like so slight to figure that out is like pretty easy, but so now let's take him aside and have a quick conversation with him just you know we can do this quickly um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: amo let me, let me ask you something our companions we're we're here in the desert trying to understand more about the strange happened stances that have been occurring but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I got a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Question for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you heard of a guy something somebody someone call the doctor does mother.
Timothy Sackton: Know that's a strange name she doesn't Mari doesn't sound like it done my name is that means that dwarfing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, I don't quite know what it is, either, to be honest i've been.
Timothy Sackton: Handling that's not a half like name is it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you've not heard of this before sounds like.
Timothy Sackton: No, I don't know who, that is.
Timothy Sackton: I could ask my masters, where you could ask my masters if you're coming with me.
Timothy Sackton: You will you know a lot more than I do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tell me more of your masters.
Timothy Sackton: hmm they're.
Timothy Sackton: wise and old and.
Timothy Sackton: they've lived together in the desert for.
Timothy Sackton: Well, many years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 40 years older they're.
Timothy Sackton: There they're old, they must be.
Timothy Sackton: There must be more than three times my age.
Timothy Sackton: They.
Timothy Sackton: They say if I study and practice and can.
Timothy Sackton: focus the my energy that maybe someday I could learn to do.
Timothy Sackton: Some of the things that they can do.
Timothy Sackton: They can.
Timothy Sackton: They say they can see.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to describe how they describe it it's.
Timothy Sackton: They can see is something about me about what i'm feeling they can.
Timothy Sackton: there's more to.
Timothy Sackton: People than what's here they tell me part part of us.
Timothy Sackton: resides out swear resides in.
Timothy Sackton: The far beyond and the place of.
Timothy Sackton: souls.
Timothy Sackton: And there's a ECHO.
of that.
Timothy Sackton: Part of us, but I.
Timothy Sackton: cannot see it enough I maybe if I just prove myself worthy of the gods if mishima would bless me.
Timothy Sackton: She would open my eyes to that vision.
Timothy Sackton: Look at their wise and.
Timothy Sackton: See far.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you all look forward to meeting your masters.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here we go.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's go yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so next morning.
Timothy Sackton: You spend a little bit of time with him just making sure that the village is as clean as you know, as possible and sort of or you know everything's.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's nobody left to find, like every you know he's not trying to repair any of the houses or anything but he does you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we tend to tidy it up so it's not.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you know right um.
Timothy Sackton: And he then collects all of the.
Timothy Sackton: The little icons of the gods that are around the temple and and says he'll bring them back to his masters and they'll they'll know how to honor them properly.
Timothy Sackton: And also just kind of anything that's there's not much left in the temple but anything that is sort of sacred or or valuable he says he will take he's not going to leave here for scavengers and.
Timothy Sackton: losers leaders and.
Eric Rosenbaum: I believe in stuff for scavengers.
Timothy Sackton: And it will take them to as masters, who will know what to do with them as well, so so as you leave you actually leave with you know, a fairly heavily loaded side of courses i'm after the the.
Timothy Sackton: The heat of the midday sun has passed you're hoping to get.
Timothy Sackton: A little bit of travel in in the in the afternoon and then it's probably a solid.
Timothy Sackton: day and a half of travel there so you'll hope to arrive.
Timothy Sackton: Two afternoons from now.
Timothy Sackton: The rest of this afternoon is.
Relatively.
Timothy Sackton: Quiet hot just passing through the desert heading sort of South Southwest roughly South southeast roughly.
Timothy Sackton: The terrain here is very you know it's lots of open expanses of just dry Rockies sand and then there's the occasional Canyon and you find more life and vegetation in this canyons as there's more shade, and what little moisture there is collects.
Timothy Sackton: You know hardy trees, sometimes grow and There does seem to be some little lakes, you know fingers of underground water that stretch out from bass theater because occasionally you'll find a kid in that has a little bit of a spring in it, or something like that i'm.
Timothy Sackton: In the evening of the second day as you're approaching towards heading towards bass.
Timothy Sackton: you're following the the root of one of these of these canyons and.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be you notice up ahead that there are.
Timothy Sackton: Like the exoskeleton of a giant scorpion that's been cracked in half and tossed and you know the.
Timothy Sackton: You see a few bones of some large bird kind of relatively freshly.
Timothy Sackton: cracked and drying in the desert sun.
Timothy Sackton: And Amal is sort of starting to look around nervous it.
Rev. David: So cracked like something snapped them.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like with a giant Beak.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah or like you know.
Timothy Sackton: Something big went.
Timothy Sackton: broken in half and eat the marrow out.
Rev. David: How how big is the skill to have Jen scorpion like what's the.
Timothy Sackton: giant scorpion is about four feet five feet.
Timothy Sackton: Long so it's about that size split it half also in hollowed out.
Mike Sackton: recently.
Timothy Sackton: Not too yeah relatively recently.
Rev. David: Right, the where.
Mike Sackton: it's been to it, we spent the night in the village right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So, if any of you took damage or use bows to a long grass to get your ability as back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: um so you just continue walking walking down that.
Timothy Sackton: Canyon.
Mike Sackton: yeah yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah what, why not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why wouldn't we TIM.
Rev. David: I lost you for just a SEC what what's the question or concern.
Timothy Sackton: I asked if you continue walking down the Canyon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're following him right.
Timothy Sackton: At this point, has now become a little bit unfair who's following who.
Rev. David: I think we shouldn't put them in the front of the order.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But isn't all leading us to where it is.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he was leading you and he's sort of um but has gotten died in this Kenya, I mean you've been following these Kenyans because it's um.
Timothy Sackton: it's shady and it's easier to walk and you can find some water.
Timothy Sackton: it's like this.
Timothy Sackton: This wasn't here before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wasn't here before.
Timothy Sackton: All these bones, are you sure this is safe.
Timothy Sackton: he's kind of like creeping back behind you.
Rev. David: Tomorrow there any birds up above us.
Timothy Sackton: Ah it's it's like the warm as part of the day, so now the burns tend to be This is like probably like late morning like just before you would normally take.
Timothy Sackton: A break for the you know for shade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you put on the map, where we are announcing like little little.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you're like halfway in but you're like you're like there.
Eric Rosenbaum: huh.
Rev. David: Does the does the pattern either of how these were attacked, or like what's in the surrounding area around us like conform to a scaled up version of any and all we're familiar with like that we don't inadvertently walk into an Atlanta traffic or.
Rev. David: Something like that.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe, yes, no not animal specific will make a nature check.
Timothy Sackton: Not an animal it looks like.
Timothy Sackton: Something like these are the remains of something with hands ripping animals apart, but something.
Timothy Sackton: larger than a normal human.
Rev. David: So related information, so it looks like looks like these words, these are old wounds like.
Tell.
Mike Sackton: Are there any tracks.
Timothy Sackton: make a final check.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah there are tracks there's like large it's not I mean this is not great terrain for tracking it's the like bottom of a rocky bottom of a Canyon but like.
Timothy Sackton: So you wouldn't notice anything obvious, but you do see you know, while they use spot occasionally like as your sort of slowly making your way down, just like a you know a bit of the you know ground has been disturbed like maybe a toe that's like you know.
Timothy Sackton: Four six inches something like that something like that, but it's hard to say exactly you don't see any clear footprints.
Rev. David: i'll share all that information to.
Timothy Sackton: Should we, this is about.
Timothy Sackton: Should we find another.
Timothy Sackton: way to.
Timothy Sackton: don't like acting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But he said don't like what.
Timothy Sackton: I don't like how you're all acting.
Rev. David: yeah.
Rev. David: Well, one of the important things is you know range weapons can go a lot farther than you think so, when you start running don't feel like you should stop running just because you think you're at a safe distance, you should just keep just keep going till you're good.
Rev. David: 500 feet.
Timothy Sackton: wet or are what are you gonna do.
Why aren't you gonna be running.
Rev. David: Out of the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: somebody like Kansas gonna catch arrows and throw them back.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Rev. David: Definitely knocking the arrow, though.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I am going behind you all.
Timothy Sackton: follow this Canyon down for a way as it comes to a little spring and then there's an easy slope up in our way continues just beyond the spring I was hoping to rest at the spring to get some water and.
Timothy Sackton: But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we get to this going through this Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: We could turn around and go a different way.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sure we could find one.
Rev. David: i'll look up at him probably about twice my height and said just stay behind me for cover.
Timothy Sackton: He looks at you like.
Timothy Sackton: Oh okay.
Rev. David: What do you guys want to see what's up there.
Rev. David: let's go to him for us.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What about taster or.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think you have taster with you, your slim down on this trip into the desert.
Mike Sackton: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the luxury accommodations in.
Timothy Sackton: Case there's having a having a wonderful life.
Timothy Sackton: living in you know that being allowed into the temple of second were none of the rest of you can go.
Mike Sackton: To put like.
Mike Sackton: Some spy gear tasters.
Timothy Sackton: or possibly being.
Timothy Sackton: really did for dinner by can't dress.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a flying familiar, or like a you know, like a.
Mike Sackton: While be.
Rev. David: yeah would you.
Mike Sackton: prefer to be unseen on your scouting mission.
Rev. David: Let me know oh what's always prefer to be unseen what's happening.
Rev. David: I think I do a pretty good job, thank you very much.
Mike Sackton: Would you like to be invisible.
Rev. David: It is like being invisible.
Mike Sackton: wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Jesus.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make it stop jack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where does he casting a spell.
Mike Sackton: know he turned me down.
Timothy Sackton: All the 25 so he's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Basically, look at that stuff.
Timothy Sackton: So so well be like creeps along in the shadows so it's actually not it's actually a relatively good place for a half link to hide because pressed up against the wall of the Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: shadows, even with the noon some the shadows are sufficient that you can just kind of creep along and you travel maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Three 400 feet up to the.
Timothy Sackton: To where the.
Timothy Sackton: The Spring is that that amo was was telling you about and there is a little spring bubbling out and there's a rock overhang that provide some shade and draped in front of the Rock overhang is like.
Timothy Sackton: crude the.
Timothy Sackton: stitch together like curtain of hide and.
Timothy Sackton: skin like falling down like very poorly made like lights coming through it and it seems to be like blocking off a little area around the.
Timothy Sackton: You know somebody or somebody is sleeping underneath that rock overhang and then sort of resting snoring.
Timothy Sackton: In the shade of the Canyon ahead not underneath the overhang you see a.
Timothy Sackton: creature I a human ish creature.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 10 feet tall, and like.
Timothy Sackton: thick fat like probably weighs thousand pounds.
Timothy Sackton: Completely hairless humanoid like i'm.
Timothy Sackton: drool coming out of its large mouth.
Timothy Sackton: nasty looking club next to it, that is, like the size of a tree and it's just snoring like making this racket and it smells awful you can see there's like a you know, a pile of refuse.
Timothy Sackton: placed inexplicably next to the strength spring, so they are like drinking their fells and there's like half of.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: uncooked sort of partially eaten.
Timothy Sackton: Large bird with that has that still has a javelin stuck in it.
Timothy Sackton: Obviously, brought down by this thing at some point relatively recently as it's been baking in the sun, and you are.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever they are seem completely unaware of you.
Timothy Sackton: We can't hear you you're muted.
Rev. David: Sorry, I lost you for just so there's something behind the curtain there's a sleeping one of these things and just there's a.
Timothy Sackton: dad giant vulture with a large javelin sticking out of it that's rotting in the sun it smells awful there's a pile of refuse right next to the spring.
Rev. David: Oh, can I see what's behind the curtain.
Timothy Sackton: Ah you'd have to cross the sunlight to get to that side, but nobody seems to be paying attention so.
Rev. David: I feel good about this.
Rev. David: song on the crossover take a look, do you want another self check.
Timothy Sackton: yeah make another stuff jack.
You got this.
Timothy Sackton: So you you cross the Cross as quickly as you can in the bright sun.
Timothy Sackton: you're pretty sure you weren't seen.
Timothy Sackton: But the one who's sleeping kind of starts a little bit and like blinks and looks up a little bit opening its eyes, just as you start into the shadows and like looks around and and stands up that.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't seem to see new, but it seems to have been.
Timothy Sackton: A woken by some sense of your movement.
Timothy Sackton: And, as I was looking around it picks up what looks like a you know lying on the ground, like an enormous chain, like a 10 foot long spike chain and starts like kind of looking around a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: blinking his eyes, like confused.
Rev. David: Can I say what's good.
Timothy Sackton: there's two more of them sleeping behind the curtain.
Mike Sackton: And a visible from here.
Mike Sackton: When it stands up.
Timothy Sackton: Know it's like 400 feet in around a corner, from where you are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seen of like well be reading first by himself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's see right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then boom boom boom.
Rev. David: There may be so, what we're going to keep at least like 30 or 40 feet between him and the one with the chain just step out and raise his hands and say.
Rev. David: Hello.
Eric Rosenbaum: dude oh no oh no.
Mike Sackton: that's not gonna end well.
Eric Rosenbaum: No don't don't do that.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: looks at you startled for a moment, looks looks down at you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While you're speaking chaos.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, welcome to why you almost had that xp trains.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaking kind of take care of it now.
Rev. David: So will be will say.
Rev. David: I don't mean to surprise you i'm so sorry.
Rev. David: I I hate being woken up by strangers.
So I.
Rev. David: This is not good for you right now but i'm i'm seeking safe passage for myself and my companions.
Rev. David: We just want to cut through a few.
Rev. David: yep you get really chapped in the trash eat out here.
Timothy Sackton: back.
Timothy Sackton: i'm snack.
Rev. David: You know the last time I met I feel like we had a much more elevated level of discourse.
Timothy Sackton: me.
Rev. David: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And he starts walking towards you like twirling is chain.
Great.
Rev. David: Take the opposite direction.
Timothy Sackton: He starts to run.
Timothy Sackton: what's your speed.
Rev. David: With my connection I have 75 per turn.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah, he has 80 per turn.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Saying your 400 feet away so how long does it take you to go for two feet.
Timothy Sackton: gains five feet on you every six seconds.
Timothy Sackton: You are 30 feet away.
Rev. David: I was 40 plus.
Timothy Sackton: away for at.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: least 40.
Timothy Sackton: You to go 350 feet.
Timothy Sackton: You need to go to 300 feet before you'll be visible to everybody.
Rev. David: Like.
Rev. David: I have plenty of space to make it to them and still not be within 10 feet of him, I think.
Mike Sackton: He gains five every six seconds to.
Timothy Sackton: Take you to got 300 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Every five by 300.
terms.
Timothy Sackton: And you are 40 feet away so.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So he's only gets 20 feet unfortunates.
Timothy Sackton: He going against 20 feet.
Timothy Sackton: yeah close of halfway.
Timothy Sackton: But but.
Eric Rosenbaum: will be will be within sight much sooner than that and we will get actions, presumably.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, he will be with it no that's when he comes to hear that can I just Can you see the cat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh nice you knew this was gonna happen to him.
Timothy Sackton: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you mean do this like see.
Rev. David: This demonstrates.
Rev. David: No way to avoid this fight.
No.
Timothy Sackton: I gave you lots of opportunities to go around.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could have.
Mike Sackton: Even said she didn't we go around.
Rev. David: You know.
Timothy Sackton: So here's what you see let's see where's lb lb.
Timothy Sackton: comes running right here.
Mike Sackton: Can well be, are you like shouting or anything, can you give us any warning.
Rev. David: i'm kind of waving my arms and doing like this motion.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and running behind him so let's see 123 so exactly 20 feet behind him just coming through the.
Timothy Sackton: We need some better running music here.
Mike Sackton: So TIM as soon as I see any hint that there's any kind of danger i'm going to cast Armor of Armor of access.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you have definitely time to cast that before a while becomes around the corner.
Eric Rosenbaum: I also.
Eric Rosenbaum: As soon as I see well be will make like a very steep kind of speed bump like a like a knee was more like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Recent.
Timothy Sackton: It is the head feet tall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like three feet high.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh it's not to try to stop him.
Rev. David: it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's the trip.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, be just just behind will be.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I don't know that it's I.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't know what i'm facing here, so I can't do that until I see i'm I guess yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah let's roll initiative, just to back up this on the board here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, nine.
Mike Sackton: till they don't have us as being able to move ourselves.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how that got broken.
Timothy Sackton: 23 for kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Down with his 16.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Man Eric I think you need to draw like the image of a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cuz this and then like behind it like this.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I know why.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, this is.
Timothy Sackton: A map layer, not the token.
Eric Rosenbaum: You you climbed onto the back of the giant vulture will be running for this is all part of the like the play set like this is the next level of merchandising like the action figures.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think.
Timothy Sackton: You should be able to move yourself now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you have.
To.
Mike Sackton: delete the wrong one.
Timothy Sackton: wow now they're both gone.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Where do you want to be dealt with Canada Europe first you see well i'll be running around the corner going.
Timothy Sackton: Just as this like starting step of this giant 10 foot tall like slobbering semi giant swinging a chain around its head comes around the corner of the Canyon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're feeling, this is going to end well said, can I uh can I sold seven.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah you can use that's your action, but you can do that yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: actually hold on before I do that i'm going to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Use acrobatics and try to get some pipe can I like climb up on these rocks like just.
Timothy Sackton: Like yet or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to start finding little fun these rocks i'll get much movement do I have I don't know what my mood.
Timothy Sackton: So you have, I think 40 feet of movement.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Already feats yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And climbing on rocks would be difficult terrain, so you move half your speed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Again, can I do something like cool acrobatic lunch.
Timothy Sackton: bullshit like So if you want to climb straight up, you can go straight up, but you can only be 20.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's fine, I want to get some pipe like it might go down.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so there's Canyon was on either side of you that you can climb up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: here.
Timothy Sackton: The ledges over here are easier to reach yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So that's probably only up about.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's up about 10 or 15 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I go like like a like whatever here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's that's.
Timothy Sackton: That you that is too far for you to move in one turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, finally over here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah like right there is good that's about 50 that's about 20 feet up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I saw 20 feet up how tall is this thing again.
Timothy Sackton: it's about 10 feet tall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Alright, so as a giant chain that it's swinging.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but, like you know it's like if it gets close enough, I can like jump from where I am like smashing.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah definitely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Staff about this type of cool yeah and I once I climb up there all souls item.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He just comes out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In a.
Rev. David: Better negotiator, I mean it was very effective on our last encounter with giants.
Eric Rosenbaum: Basically, the same situation.
Rev. David: I think well these head cannon is that if he hadn't woken up from the nap things might have gone differently.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean it's just like like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Remember, when we were in the keep and then 10s and when and scouting first door that and like hands on it, and like stealthily like looked in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it got it back.
anyways.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: You know if if you had wet me casting visibility to you that's what a God dad very differently.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there.
Timothy Sackton: that's a lesson for next time.
Rev. David: You, this is an unqualified success.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, your turn so those ones are asleep down with Europe.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So it's gonna catch.
Mike Sackton: These poor people.
Mike Sackton: How far away, is it.
Timothy Sackton: from you.
Timothy Sackton: it's about it's like 60 feet from you.
Timothy Sackton: In the straight line, a little bit further if you have to move because of the curve of the Canyon.
Mike Sackton: Okay, this I don't never know if this is a good idea i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Down with that right before he does everything.
Mike Sackton: Three Dallas appear standing next to Dallas.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
awesome.
Mike Sackton: And then I will um.
Mike Sackton: How far away do.
Eric Rosenbaum: You want to like marco's in on the.
Timothy Sackton: Other.
Timothy Sackton: They move with you.
Mike Sackton: Know move with me.
Timothy Sackton: They just every day, just like they're constantly moving and shifting like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, oh, I see their right to like read alongside you yeah.
Mike Sackton: And that is all I can do.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you can move.
Mike Sackton: yeah but I don't want to run towards it, but i'm not sure I want to run away from.
Mike Sackton: The whole point to the mirror image and the era of ag ag good this is that i'd rather and attack me then squish well be.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: So you're not going to move okay.
Mike Sackton: Now i'm now i'm not gonna move.
Timothy Sackton: So it is now going to run.
Oh God.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I was dead right is this map accurate others if i'm standing there is it actually difficult terrain on either side.
Mike Sackton: Yes, okay.
Timothy Sackton: So he has gonna go.
Mike Sackton: kenzo can you not like leave me to hang out to.
Mike Sackton: dry being the only one fighting this thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really don't worry i'm gonna fight it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm just trying to get it or.
Timothy Sackton: Not she said, actually right.
Timothy Sackton: here before he gets before he gets right next to you the chain is just swinging and wham.
Timothy Sackton: It comes smashing down on.
Do.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be.
Timothy Sackton: 17 mature AC.
Eric Rosenbaum: 15 oh.
Timothy Sackton: Man, you have to make a constitution saving throw.
Rev. David: i'm happy to do all of these things and.
Rev. David: it's to that by moving into initiative order like Well he has just stole motion.
Rev. David: sprinted a top speed for the last 300 feet.
Ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah words.
Rev. David: The party hadn't been there, right now, this isn't what would have happened.
Rev. David: I mean i'm happy to be told, no and take the.
Timothy Sackton: gamble a downside of you.
Rev. David: or.
Rev. David: We can extend the distance, so that this is the art.
Timothy Sackton: I will, I will let you.
Rev. David: Are you give me a vantage on the concepts.
Timothy Sackton: i'll give you I will give you an advantage i'm a.
Rev. David: Good cook my first role was a.
Eric Rosenbaum: For silver tongue.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Your as your leg flat out sprinting the chain catches you.
Timothy Sackton: Doing 12 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: But it avoids your head and you are not knocked unconscious bias and you managed to dodge out of the way as you're just like stumble slightly as it flat sprit you stumble slightly catches up to you way arms this chain down, but you just.
Timothy Sackton: Your mood your momentum carries you far enough that it just catches your legs and you stumble slightly without being knocked flat unconscious.
Timothy Sackton: So 12.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: judged.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: exists, like metallic our version of impeachment and conviction based accountability like it's like you don't actually get you know convicted by the Senate, but live your.
Timothy Sackton: speaker you're out.
Eric Rosenbaum: This thing's gonna run for office um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so what is my.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it all at wanted was to eat well the as a snack in peace.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm just i'm just saying if well he's actually going to face any consequences for just one time.
Mike Sackton: He just like had half of his.
body.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So he got he got an feature.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, one more yet like that helped me unconscious.
Mike Sackton: convicted.
Eric Rosenbaum: My intuitive sense of fairness suggests to me that ah that's 30 i'm like looking at the range of all my spells oh man.
Mike Sackton: I think our main goal should be to not have while we die.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: um I could know will be too far away from me for.
Eric Rosenbaum: That to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: move and then do you.
Do an action.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, can I move and then cast is built in.
Mike Sackton: yeah you can even move cast the spell and move if you don't use up all your move.
wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: If I double well the insides how big will he be.
Timothy Sackton: He will be six feet tall.
Mike Sackton: dodgeball.
Timothy Sackton: Anybody you should double down with her kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: But shouldn't I just shrink the giant.
Timothy Sackton: Or you could shrink the jack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, that would be good if you treat the giant.
Timothy Sackton: He gets up he gets to save against it and they could succeed on the same nothing happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: And because he's unwilling.
Eric Rosenbaum: He metal would be more reasonable perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: he's not wearing any he doesn't owe you.
Eric Rosenbaum: just got the chain he's.
Timothy Sackton: not wearing metal Armor but you could eat the chain for sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That my boss must he can hold on to the chain and which he has a hot like you know, like oh scalding chain to hit us with.
Rev. David: Burton we make a fire chain.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah fair point all right i'm gonna try to get close enough to him to shrink him by half, which means a range of 30 feet necessary, which means I need to run past that's 123 run past deal with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now Mike is that close enough.
Mike Sackton: he's gonna he might have good concepts.
Mike Sackton: is the only problem when.
Timothy Sackton: it's shrinking giants is not necessarily that.
Timothy Sackton: Easy you might be, I mean it could work, and it would be great if it did, but it has a high chance of doing nothing at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't realize that.
Timothy Sackton: that's the best I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Enlarging somebody.
Mike Sackton: You might be better and charging anybody now dealt with our kids.
Timothy Sackton: If you enlarge kenzo he has an extra Wendy for with every attack giant kensal is awesome I really want there to be giant cancer.
Timothy Sackton: I know you do as big as this thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like we're talking about this too much, and I just have to do something.
Timothy Sackton: You have to do something.
Timothy Sackton: yeah or you could heat metal the chain is definitely the.
Timothy Sackton: Top.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, where was I before i'm gonna i'm going to undo my move here.
Timothy Sackton: I was, you are right behind our yeah right yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm doing heat metal.
Timothy Sackton: Okay what's the range on that.
Timothy Sackton: 60 Okay, so that is fine Okay, so he needs to make a concept of is that right.
No safe.
Timothy Sackton: No just.
Timothy Sackton: drops.
Mike Sackton: Yes to drop yes correct.
Timothy Sackton: Now i'm the metal begins to sizzle and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Like you can see his hand start to smoke, but he's like not he is too dumb to realize what's happening, and he just holds on as the thing starts burning his hands.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I also want to do inspiration for.
Eric Rosenbaum: For well be.
Eric Rosenbaum: To make him believe that he is enormous and powerful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, you yourself are a giant will be.
Rev. David: will be made.
Eric Rosenbaum: That.
Eric Rosenbaum: gets the living room that orbits your head and then you need to make an exploding attack or.
Timothy Sackton: it's a defect, you can add to any the 20 you roll you can add a D sex and it can turn off failure to success, it also has bonus effects.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well i'll be it's your turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But so we just effectively ogre now scalding hot changes I guess.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, no it's good it's burning his hands.
Mike Sackton: yeah you have.
Timothy Sackton: disadvantage on I was attacked.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay it'll keep taking damage.
Timothy Sackton: eternal sending teams taking every damage until he drops it but he's too stupid to drop it so that.
Rev. David: May hide in the shadows on the rocks in the script I got to.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so yeah so the sun's coming from the top of the map so you'd have to hide right now you're totally exposed in the sign you gotta hide, on the other side, there you could hide their definitely yeah.
Rev. David: A hiding.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now.
Timothy Sackton: You are well hidden.
Timothy Sackton: Lady against the rocks into the shadows.
Timothy Sackton: Ah that's Nice.
Timothy Sackton: You pop out of the shadows.
Timothy Sackton: Doing 1414 points of damage and that it it sees you as you appear unless.
You.
Mike Sackton: Can squish you again.
back.
Timothy Sackton: kenza Europe.
Timothy Sackton: So up along the top of here is not difficult terrain, now that you've climbed up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: That case you could run on the rocks.
Timothy Sackton: there's one there's one jump here that you'd have to make, but you.
Timothy Sackton: Only five feet, you could jump that easy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One of these squares is five feet.
Timothy Sackton: he's where these curses five feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: far away.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's the force.
Mike Sackton: The little ruler.
Timothy Sackton: ruler tool and the bottom you're you're 55 feet away unless you unless you use the steps of the wind to dash as a bonus action by spending a key you can't reach them this term.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But i'm gonna i'm gonna get within 30 minutes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'm gonna.
Go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have to do a dual role of some kind acrobatics to jump across that thing.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's it's short enough that it's easily within your normal jump desktops.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah you basically see kenza you know I kind of up high on this ledger book, just like gracefully like running tracking the older with the size of this going, and then you know leaps over this, you know gracefully leaps over this gap and then kind of spins right into a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: blast of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Energy.
Timothy Sackton: Without it makes it safe, so you don't knock it over, but it does still take half damage almost.
Timothy Sackton: 1111 damage so it's it's pretty big and as the blast of energy strikes in it like staggers back and that looks around at this looks at this like searing chain.
Timothy Sackton: And like sort of looks around to see what hit it but doesn't get it's too big to really be knocked back successfully um you hear like fighting footsteps from the other side of the Canyon.
Rev. David: shut out and say Oh, there are two more also.
Timothy Sackton: Down with your up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks for inviting everybody over for tea.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: Well, be visible again isn't a way, whereas this ogre the initiative order.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, after you immediately after you.
Mike Sackton: Oh OK, I see it's the one that that little ogre token so well be visible right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah well i'll be standing out in the.
Timothy Sackton: out from the pack defended while having just shot an arrow Adam.
Mike Sackton: OK.
Mike Sackton: I will move up.
Mike Sackton: Well Hello what's my speed 30 that was for.
Mike Sackton: Can I you can ready an action right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Can I ready an action to when he gets within 10 feet of me step forward and hit him.
Timothy Sackton: I think, technically, no but fine, I think it makes that's totally fine.
Timothy Sackton: you're not supposed to be able to ready move, but if you're if you're.
Timothy Sackton: Specifying exactly what you're gonna do I think that's totally reasonable.
Mike Sackton: And then.
Mike Sackton: there's two more of them should I really curse this guy now i'm not gonna kiss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So so as soon as it's within 10 feet i'm going to step forward and attack them with my sword.
OK.
Timothy Sackton: So the shifting diabetes it's shifting down with run forward next adobe and then this thing is looking around like.
Timothy Sackton: I want my snack.
Timothy Sackton: And it's looking at it's like burning hand and start swinging the chain around 1234 gets to their.
Timothy Sackton: dealt with as just as you step forward it's swing chain in a big circle like this, and both you and.
Timothy Sackton: Bobby need to make Dax saving throws.
Timothy Sackton: Let your attack get off first.
Timothy Sackton: By that hits.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: So 10 points of damage eight.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't have a.
curse Tom.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, let me just check something about it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay he's kind of a creature targets You attack.
Timothy Sackton: So rolla G 20.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: The chain swings around and it clocks welby for five points of damage, as you just duck underneath it and then it swings right through one of the illusionary duplicates of doubt, with which vanishes in a.
Timothy Sackton: Like with a dark tendrils of shadow as it gets split in half and well be or down with is unaffected, so you now have to mirror images.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we could have added 26 there if you wanted to.
Timothy Sackton: He made the SAVE.
Eric Rosenbaum: It just takes how.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and that is going to bring us to seekers turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, um.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's the range on this one that's another 30 feet one just check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so i'm going to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just pop around the corner here.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then.
Eric Rosenbaum: politely.
Eric Rosenbaum: suggest.
Eric Rosenbaum: To the sky that his two friends are coming to steal his snack and so he should fight them first.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Oh honest turn he also takes damage from the fire.
Mike Sackton: yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good I need to roll that or.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so role.
Timothy Sackton: today.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Living.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so he takes 11 fire damage as he is just like grabbing this chain that searing into his flash.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so kind of speaking his language here was my room imprint upon his brain.
Eric Rosenbaum: they're coming to get your snack you better kill them.
Timothy Sackton: I think those are both concentrations bow So if you want to.
Timothy Sackton: Keep that also you can only have one effect at a time.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't know that.
Eric Rosenbaum: The sheet metal is probably more useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: At this point.
Timothy Sackton: That would be.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I think that's I mean the heat madeline's guaranteed auto damage every turn.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gotta be dead soon it's looking pretty good.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's looking pretty good.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I want to climb up to where kenzo is.
Timothy Sackton: OK.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeing as they're more giants coming, it seems like a little safer to be above their.
Timothy Sackton: head, so you can't quite get to cancel because the climb is difficult terrain.
Timothy Sackton: So you can only move three squares climbing.
Timothy Sackton: Really to square one square actually really only two squares climbing because you only have 25 move.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so be here or here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah to there you can get okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then, can I also use a molder.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's not concentration.
Eric Rosenbaum: So i'm gonna try to make a as high walls, I can at this narrow spot.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so you can in one turn you can make it, you can raise the the sand, of the ground five feet.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: With more turns you could yep.
i'm not.
Mike Sackton: Well nevermind i'm not sure if the mirror images are supposed to be eaten up by non attack attacks, because I have no, they have no chance of avoiding it.
Mike Sackton: That doesn't totally makes sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: So sorry it says yeah we can we should go.
Timothy Sackton: To Skype with later to figure it out, it says whenever it targets you with an attack.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Certain.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep so I drew in where i'm going to make my wall at that choke point.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice, and I will also shout out to kenzo get them to look up.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the tail trip.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ends up like nods like i'll do my best.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay up here, you know you just have to get their attention so for a second and the fall in their faces.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: OK wow be it's your turn.
Rev. David: yeah.
Rev. David: it's time to climb out of the way.
Rev. David: So i'll go back and then start coming up, I can get two squares there with my movement, I think, and then, am I still have difficulty in here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to go continue so there's like two.
Timothy Sackton: degrees of lenses so you're moving sideways that's not difficult terrain, if you want to go.
Rev. David: Up it's still difficult so i'll use my.
Timothy Sackton: i'm having trouble with your.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: I lost the shorts.
Mike Sackton: TIM.
Mike Sackton: I just don't think it's not really it breaks mirror image and makes it a crap spell if.
Mike Sackton: there's no way that the bad guy can't destroy a mirror image.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Mike Sackton: Usually don't have to hit it.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow he made it Chris.
Rev. David: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So that says, I missed hold on a second like I missed a little of your.
Timothy Sackton: of your Conference of your what you were saying you did you climb up and then you.
Rev. David: saw a climb up they use my connection to climb up further and then I shoot.
Rev. David: shoot and I don't know advantage so only the first role is there, but.
Timothy Sackton: The freshman but you still got sneak attack because.
Timothy Sackton: Down with is right next to.
Timothy Sackton: Exactly ah so well be scrambles up it's like little half length scrambling up the side of the wall comes to this flat spot turns and aim straight down to the top of this thing's had as it's like Sweden chain in looking at looking at down with confused and then ah.
Timothy Sackton: looks like just here's a noise and look straight up as an arrow shoots directly into its eye and it falls over backwards dad.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All the unnecessary.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gotten around this completely without having to go back over that.
Timothy Sackton: So cans out you're out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: going.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: out how how high at the mind right now.
Timothy Sackton: you're about 20 feet up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um yeah I guess i'll cuz to 20 feet up and then so moving up here is flat, or is it not flat.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, moving up where can you point again like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If I go here i'm like that's like brief black right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's flat across there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I go 20 feet over here now i'm within.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: suicide is a full action right.
Timothy Sackton: So site is a full action, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You also also site, this is this beautiful.
Eric Rosenbaum: bright and all you're just checking their sincerity.
Mike Sackton: yeah why don't you why card.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh it's their head points.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um, so I will I will I guess you're also slide this the first one, and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, actually, maybe I don't want maybe because I want is the wall gonna appear in.
Timothy Sackton: This is what.
Timothy Sackton: Was the largest wall, this is a five foot high like a barrier.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right so i'll be i'll be over.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You ever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: want to be super.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, think about their line of sight you want them to be running full speed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Through their to try to get to us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like here.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Rev. David: Well we'll shut up Oh, he also watch out because they have javelins.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh God, even though but yeah they got javelin throw your daily missile weapons Daddy.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are you going to catch that routine is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Better yeah so it's I guess right here starts to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is the one of the front, the one of the javelin.
So.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, both of them have like two javelins on their back and like spiked treat club trunks in their hands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, yeah so so I saw set the first one, seven and then I I kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And from my perch like 20 feet up and sort of jump up and make myself and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can see me Nice and, hopefully, hopefully, throw the javelin and run into the hospital.
Eric Rosenbaum: They might stop oh man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they're pretty dumb.
Timothy Sackton: So sorry I was messaging with Mike, why did you where did you say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I noticed that I am.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So psyched that I saw set the ogre in the front and I kind of jumped up and down like making my presence known hoping that they'll throw their javelins at me, so I can catch them and throw them back, I thought.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah so you're like yelling and trying to get the mad basically yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But i'm also I also set the first one.
Timothy Sackton: Right, I was gonna write a message you that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All the unnecessary flights.
i'm.
Rev. David: Okay, saving a lot of time, but going straight through.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah where's.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: yeah what happened is he running.
Timothy Sackton: I hope, how he's gone.
Eric Rosenbaum: will be totally.
Timothy Sackton: run in the other direction, and he ran like 50 feet and then.
Timothy Sackton: kept going and now he's like out of sight around the corner of the Canyon is not planning on stopping running till he is like What did he say like 500 500 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so the first the first.
Timothy Sackton: ogre comes around and here's you yelling looks up at you and it's like huh and just takes a javelin.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Which is 17 to hit, which I believe hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't I get the chance to not do the thing I deflect missile.
Timothy Sackton: yup so role, so it does damage so roll your spend a key and then.
Timothy Sackton: I forget I think it's you roll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: US Europe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so, when you do so, the damage you take a look at attack is reduced by one day and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Damage to zero, and have a free hand he said when he.
Timothy Sackton: saw you need to run at least a two, on the one we tend to reduce it to zero, and then you can make that attack against that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Brutal fish.
Timothy Sackton: it's on sow.
Timothy Sackton: The you don't spend any key you Doc it just you just try and knock it back at them, but you just managed to so you only take one point of damage, but you don't quite reduce it to nothing and.
Timothy Sackton: It just clatters on the side next to you.
Timothy Sackton: And now the second one so he's he's the wind back the next one, like runs up here and then also hurls a javelin that you.
Good.
Timothy Sackton: But you only get one reaction so you can't do anything about this one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh shit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey i'm shorts we.
Timothy Sackton: Do that 13 which Mrs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We genuinely need to practice you shooting arrows at kenzo to throw back at.
Timothy Sackton: Down with your out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This would have been a situation where you're running you're running full and you shoot an arrow at.
Mike Sackton: 123 is this difficult terrain here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: When to.
Timothy Sackton: The overhang.
123456.
Timothy Sackton: You can get there yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's a wall there.
Mike Sackton: But it's only a five feet, I can step over it right.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I five foot was a little bit annoying to get past actually.
Timothy Sackton: But yeah actually that that would kind of count as difficult terrain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One for them to run through the wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah well.
Mike Sackton: Then I won't I won't go anywhere i'll just stand here.
Mike Sackton: I will shoot a I will use a bonus action to neither these guys are damaged right.
Mike Sackton: Neither one of them is damaged, I will curse this one.
Mike Sackton: The one in front.
Mike Sackton: Okay, then I will eldridge blast it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Seven day I have.
Mike Sackton: And then I will.
12345.
Timothy Sackton: Okay seeker you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: I want to try to get in range for this suggestion trick.
Eric Rosenbaum: So where would that put.
Eric Rosenbaum: me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright i'm going to get up here next to whoops can I get next to.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like.
Timothy Sackton: A movement to climb up so that's 10 1520 that's 20 feet of movement to get there.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, to the one in front, I will suggest.
Eric Rosenbaum: That.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh man.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the same thing as for the other.
Eric Rosenbaum: The the giant behind you, the over there over the other ogre.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is it it's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: he's trying to steal your snack he's taken your lunch.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you gotta stop and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do it.
Timothy Sackton: it's a.
Timothy Sackton: It has to make a.
Timothy Sackton: wisdom savings.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: what's your.
Timothy Sackton: role is really well it kind of looks up at you, and it like shakes his head and and just like points of had done in like keeps barreling forward.
Timothy Sackton: seemingly not to hear the words he said.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, is that it for your.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can.
Timothy Sackton: You can give somebody else inspiration as a bonus action.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll give inspiration to kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well i'll be your up.
Oh.
Rev. David: I think i'll take triple aim and shoot one.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And that flies wide.
Rev. David: To get to remember one, though, because i'm a heflin.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: nope that was already rolling the one you will to ones in a row.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's.
Timothy Sackton: You can tell if you look, if you look at the.
Timothy Sackton: Your character she's a setup to automatically, we will once.
Timothy Sackton: And it says one plus one plus five so you wrote a one, and then you build another one.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's fairly unlikely.
Timothy Sackton: it's extremely unlikely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: holy shit I think it's the first time that we like witness you miss shooting something with an arrow.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like yeah it those ones, he rolls we never noticed, because you don't see them because.
Timothy Sackton: You don't see them unless.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Two in a row.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow happen every.
Eric Rosenbaum: One in 400 times.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are asked us.
army.
Timothy Sackton: distracted by wondering whether it's really a good idea, and your aim goes why.
Rev. David: Where do you see in real 20 that it was to once in a row.
Mike Sackton: If you if you hover over it.
Timothy Sackton: If you hover over it, you can see, the first one is.
Rev. David: No me wow.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's it set up so that anytime you will be 20 beyond 20 already knows about halfway.
Rev. David: Through this very.
Rev. David: disappointed himself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And i'll seriously like an army of athlete has to be like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah after all roads, he can take careful am against sneak attack yeah definitely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean it's literally that would be like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: asked me like that that paired with my people like high level.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo it's your turn as well be shakes his head arrow claim to the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm gonna stay up here because I want the other ones still throw javelins at me and but for what.
Timothy Sackton: You do a lot more damage, if you just attack them, then you do throwing their javelins back at you.
Mike Sackton: And it's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like move like great like here and attack it of course it's not close enough.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you could like jump onto it from there you can't stay up there and attack and it's it's 10 feet away from you there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I want, I still want to like trip and fall over the thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right and that shipment of sales at this point because they've stopped running.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or did they stop running.
Timothy Sackton: They stopped running javelins.
ice yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Because you are standing up there yelling like hey look at me.
Eric Rosenbaum: What we should have done is timed it a little better, although it's can we turn order works I don't know if that would even be possible.
Rev. David: what's not that much asleep through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean I kind of want not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like having.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like an advantage if I like a packet that has been posted up here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, if you like, jumps down on top of them I right give you an advantage on your first attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you know if it's if i'm 20 feet up, I can like smash it with my path.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have a higher and higher.
Mike Sackton: So wait we're gonna end up with it.
Mike Sackton: Are we gonna end up with a clever situation where you've trapped well be dealt with, to not actually be able to engage them.
Timothy Sackton: When building.
Timothy Sackton: out traps down with.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't.
Timothy Sackton: plan your plan your strategy guys.
Mike Sackton: We should try to get them to go over the wall and fall and or not fall.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Mike Sackton: don't just if you just jump on top of them right now you're going to be by yourself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also i'm saying that's why I don't want to jump down there, like, I wanted to stay up here and attack from up here and I will i'm gonna sit my stomach and throat sore javelins back ended up going to tax so i'm gonna.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: start at it here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: that Mrs it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm gonna stay here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: This one now will like fat out with you, it only has one extra one more javelin anyway it's gonna run.
Timothy Sackton: Three four.
Timothy Sackton: And I will give it.
Timothy Sackton: Because they're big he's just trying to charge through it he's like running through this dirt but.
Timothy Sackton: The first one actually is just like sees the wall and just barrel straight through it and don't doesn't think that's just a pile of thing doesn't realize that solid, it is.
Timothy Sackton: And trips and falls.
Timothy Sackton: hey hopping as forward movement.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice and.
Timothy Sackton: uses the wrath of his turn to stand up and then we'll just tosses last javelin up it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Has a.
Timothy Sackton: puppet kenzo Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Which hats.
Timothy Sackton: Doing 12 points of damage, so you need to a four if you want to turn it back.
Eric Rosenbaum: on me and you've got the inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: That you haven't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: raced on this one doesn't.
know.
Timothy Sackton: how you can spend the key to make an attack roll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: up the idea alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what kind of attack roles.
Timothy Sackton: Just on arm strike.
Timothy Sackton: accounts as a strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: I have.
Solid.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you see, you see a guy like like the the the giant like ogre reaches back and she's not too far away from each like launches it right up and in the same motion like kenzo with catches, it was a right back at him and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pierce's him in the shoulder now he's got his own javelins stuck out of his.
Timothy Sackton: that's his last job one, but now he's conveniently returned it to them, so you can grab it out of his shoulder and throw it back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can only do that.
Timothy Sackton: But he's knocked down is blocking the path for for this one move forward, who will then.
Timothy Sackton: Look around and spot like doubtless Lincoln over in the corner and toss a javelin.
Timothy Sackton: Which.
Mike Sackton: Is the have.
Timothy Sackton: This is OK, you tend to javelins.
Mike Sackton: I just gonna say it does he have line of sight, I guess, he does.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he has line of sight on you.
Timothy Sackton: I guess you would maybe have half copper, but doesn't matter he look terribly so now he's out of javelins, and now it is dealt with turn.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: 1-234-561-2345 six.
Mike Sackton: All right, i'm.
Mike Sackton: done with well charge up to that guy.
Mike Sackton: who hold on a SEC.
Mike Sackton: Let me check something sorry.
Timothy Sackton: This one in the front is the one that's cursed.
Mike Sackton: yeah okay so green flame blade the creatures says five feet of my target it doesn't have to be within five feet of me, does it.
Timothy Sackton: know.
Mike Sackton: Alright, so a green fire.
Mike Sackton: Come.
Mike Sackton: starts burning on delis shadow blade and I sack.
Mike Sackton: What happened.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and attacked about rolling let me actually attack.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: class.
Mike Sackton: Green flame does.
Mike Sackton: assume that hits.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's because green flame but it doesn't do any damage to.
Mike Sackton: It does.
Mike Sackton: It does more damage.
Mike Sackton: OK, so the one in the back gets takes for fire damage right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK.
Timothy Sackton: So it takes 12.
Timothy Sackton: So it's not looking its companion, the back, is not to is not really hurt but it's it's not looking so happy at the moment as your blade slices into it in this fire roars off of it, and now it's they're both like looking a little bit uncertain secrets your turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, i've been as I climbed up scanning for weaknesses fisher's fault lines cracks in the rocks above the augers in the little tiny path that they're on it that's.
Timothy Sackton: Like over.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here say.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay across from kenza they're basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I want to try to put a shatter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like here kind of so that I can hit one over and plus try to like crack the the.
Timothy Sackton: Raw game make just make it.
Eric Rosenbaum: haha geology.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, what do I normally make your role for geology nature.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: What do you proficient and roll intelligence and add your proficiency.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know how to do that.
Timothy Sackton: So make an Intel just roll in intelligence check and then at to do whatever you.
Timothy Sackton: want so.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So just I mean you're scanning really quickly you can't see like a place that, obviously, is going to collapse, but just by looking at the nature of the stone, it seems like there's a decent chance that shatter might set something off.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice what could possibly go wrong setting off an avalanche.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know sandstone.
Timothy Sackton: Down with isn't that close.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: The rear one and there's a retaining wall that i've been hopefully placed in between so.
yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so I cast my ringing explosion of shatter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Face me it like right there.
Timothy Sackton: That is OK, so they got both got to make concepts.
Timothy Sackton: And they both failed miserably.
Eric Rosenbaum: My soon.
Timothy Sackton: As this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Enormous self has it has it has to fail safe okay.
Timothy Sackton: And now.
Timothy Sackton: make a will your auto beat that i'm going to do that, I can test it spell casting ability, but, but you.
Timothy Sackton: I rolled only a four so you're gonna beat that no matter what, because you have a plus for so with the shadow effect.
Timothy Sackton: ranking out you do see that the Canyon wall across here starts to.
Timothy Sackton: shift slightly.
Timothy Sackton: And the rocks begin to.
Timothy Sackton: tumble down.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, with.
Let me just see one thing here.
Eric Rosenbaum: earth science to the rescue.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is.
Timothy Sackton: Like entire chunk of the so you put it to get both of them, you would have put it like right here, or something like that yeah this entire chunk begins to crumble and start to roll down so.
Timothy Sackton: Okay he's gonna make it wasn't fun makes a deck saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: six seats and.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So he's exceeds on a saving throws so he manages to dodge out of the way as the rubble sort of cascades down, and now this this whole area is difficult terrain.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Not including dealt with square but well I guess the rocks kind of spill out there.
Mike Sackton: I can be did doesn't matter to me if it's.
Different right.
Timothy Sackton: While bees turn.
Rev. David: Oh right, I will.
Rev. David: Take care flame and shooting yes.
Rev. David: shaking myself out of my shame from the classroom.
Timothy Sackton: So again, again well be.
Timothy Sackton: showing that taunting these these ogre it was a perfectly reasonable decision.
Timothy Sackton: waits for the ogre to sort of dodge out of the way of this falling rock and as it looks up again aims and arrow straight for its face that.
Timothy Sackton: pierces through it skull as this ogre in front now slumps down to the ground.
it's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: have to do everything yourself.
Mike Sackton: hey.
Eric Rosenbaum: You had some friends who could help you out oh just take care of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Mike Sackton: Now, you should jump down and five it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was gonna jump down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On the first one so.
Mike Sackton: Now, the first one in the back, is the only one that still.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: need to remove it from the board.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I just needed to move.
Timothy Sackton: From the drawing tool to remove that.
Mike Sackton: Hello don't go there, going back a bit.
Timothy Sackton: Go behind it so doubtless very.
Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, and I do so i'm going to do my first attack something my blog and was like.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'll give you a choice you can either have disadvantage, but do double damage, if you hit.
Timothy Sackton: Or have advantage but to normal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to take.
Eric Rosenbaum: Any still have the inspiration, I think.
Timothy Sackton: You saw of inspiration remember ice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So again, wait or disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: disadvantage devil damage, if you had.
Timothy Sackton: Nice no yeah.
Timothy Sackton: No jumped down.
Timothy Sackton: lash back with your staff doing 14 points of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With this is double damage, I thought I get a 14 so it's not nine.
Timothy Sackton: seven times two is 14 okay good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So so actually can so 10s of jumps up and actually lands like on the giant on the overs shoulders, like you, like jumps down lands over his head in his head like in between his legs and then smashes it on the head as he flips off the back of the job, the ogre.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You still can make your unarmed attack.
Is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: An attack and fattest market.
Timothy Sackton: That also hits.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's turned and it's going to look around and see you are standing behind it now angry turn to face you and take a great club and just swing it down on your head.
Timothy Sackton: Which what's your AC.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm very high.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What 17.
Timothy Sackton: which Mrs, as you just managed to dogs out of the way you will to 16.
Timothy Sackton: That brings us to our.
Mike Sackton: I will move up and tack and.
Mike Sackton: I guess there's no reason not to use booming blade, although I don't think it's actually going to make any difference because he probably won't move.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That that head.
Mike Sackton: Yes, a.
Timothy Sackton: lot of damage.
Timothy Sackton: But not all of this i'm confused by your role here, because.
Mike Sackton: minus two.
Mike Sackton: So you know no minus sex because it didn't do because booming blade doesn't.
doesn't.
Mike Sackton: it's 12 slashing.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: plus three extra slashing so it's 15 total.
Timothy Sackton: Okay 15 total damage.
Timothy Sackton: So down with runs forward your your shimmering shadow blade strikes through the air and this this ogre just looks like caught.
Timothy Sackton: And stunned.
Timothy Sackton: badly wounded.
Timothy Sackton: Just not sure what to do with itself caught between a nasty staff pounding pummeling it from above and some sort of weird magic in front of it ah seeker Europe.
Eric Rosenbaum: seemed too exhausted, my second level spill slots and.
Eric Rosenbaum: I look over at well be to see how injured, he is.
Rev. David: But horrifically.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah Okay, I thought so i'm going to cast a I guess best I can do is first level healing word.
Eric Rosenbaum: For eight so that's pretty solid that's definitely.
Timothy Sackton: and
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that's good awesome.
Rev. David: That brings me up to almost.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well where you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Almost half oh my God i'm glad I did that.
Rev. David: Oh well, we will take.
Rev. David: will be will be will move over.
Rev. David: he's feeling emboldened by all this up real close to a picture.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David: And then.
Timothy Sackton: That method.
Rev. David: Which.
Timothy Sackton: is why.
Rev. David: Oh rats.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, because you don't have advantage.
Rev. David: Getting overconfident.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I can see you're.
Eric Rosenbaum: still have a dire know.
Rev. David: yeah.
Rev. David: yeah what is it.
Mike Sackton: Wendy Wendy sex sex.
Eric Rosenbaum: Come on, take a third one.
Timothy Sackton: That had.
Timothy Sackton: While the is feeling.
For for.
Timothy Sackton: Bobby is feeling overconfident but fortunately seekers room corrects and not only does your arrowhead the ogre.
Timothy Sackton: But the rune flying along the arrow explodes doing an extra five points of damage.
damage.
Timothy Sackton: Which blows the ogre apart.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be well plus seeker, in this case.
Timothy Sackton: Get all three cow.
Timothy Sackton: Through it had.
Rev. David: It in the sickening silence after the body hits the ground will be will save no no particular I think the trick is to shoot them in the head.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well done, sir.
Oh.
Rev. David: sorry about that guys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The last October falls down kenza just like what happened is like we're never sending you scouting again you don't get to the.
Rev. David: Last time we talked to a giant.
Rev. David: reasonableness and politeness.
Rev. David: carry the day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the Fuck did you say to them.
Rev. David: I said.
Rev. David: i'm so sorry to wake you up here now um but but can we have safe passage here.
Rev. David: And then he said something like snack you.
Rev. David: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should we should go make sure our friend is okay.
Yes.
Rev. David: you'd be really ironic if he died from something else.
Timothy Sackton: You you find him about.
Timothy Sackton: 400 feet back hiding against the side of the Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: Is it, I did what you said happening is it okay.
Rev. David: yeah you did really good you know one thing I didn't say before it's next time you should also climb up always.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Could we could we.
Timothy Sackton: Like get somewhere safe now please.
Rev. David: Is the camp by the spring ahead, we could rest.
Timothy Sackton: I was hoping to rest there, yes.
Rev. David: seeking a privacy cooking.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so as you head up the Canyon you see.
Timothy Sackton: The ogre is camp there's like a giant vulture with a javelin sticking out of it i'm dad rotting trying in the sun there's like hide large hide curtain thats hanging sort of incompletely down.
Timothy Sackton: Casting some shade under an overhang there is a spring, which seems like it would be nice, except for the refuse pile that's inexplicably placed directly next to the water source and the whole place smells awful.
Timothy Sackton: there's nothing really to find here there's just dead animals and trash doesn't seem like these, this camp has encountered any humanoids anytime recently and amo look sort of shocked and disgusted and it was like.
Timothy Sackton: it's only another few hours, maybe we.
Timothy Sackton: Just press on.
Rev. David: We searched the giants kept before we go.
Timothy Sackton: yeah sure i'm making a perception check.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't seem like it's been here for that long um you know there's a handful of of animal bones scattered around mostly it seems like.
Timothy Sackton: You know vultures both giant and normal that they shoot down as they saw our past the occasional bones of a larger animal maybe some sort of antelope or something like that, but you know it seems like this, as this group, whatever it is moved in relatively recently and has been just.
Timothy Sackton: Killing whatever came to drink from the spring.
Timothy Sackton: Eating it and.
Timothy Sackton: not getting that much to eat so we're presumably hungry and happy to eat fresh meat of some kind.
Timothy Sackton: But it doesn't you know it smells horrible and there's nothing there's no like treasure information, other than that to find.
Timothy Sackton: anomalous eager to press on despite the heat of the day.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Given.
Timothy Sackton: Almost at one o'clock.
Mike Sackton: yeah I was gonna say I think it's um I don't think I can do what I can do the.
Timothy Sackton: we're not going to do i'm just gonna get you to the door and we're gonna stop.
Timothy Sackton: So um yeah we're definitely not going to do that tonight.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you.
Timothy Sackton: Continue now i'm the afternoon of your second day of travel after leaving basket of.
Timothy Sackton: You had now into sand your stand your desert turning more directly South after the top of this Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Despite the heat of the sun after about a you know a few hours travel by four 430 in the afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: As the sun's rays are beginning to sink a little bit you see the.
Timothy Sackton: stone house in front of you, the long shadows cast from this two story building with a like a small pan out front colorful awnings casting shade for the livestock a well and a.
Timothy Sackton: You know a little outbuilding at a store of grain or water or something in a few barrels in the back.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not looks excited to be here and.
Timothy Sackton: And please didn't says.
Timothy Sackton: i'll i'll tell them i'll tell them were here and and.
Timothy Sackton: And i'm sure there'll be excited.
Timothy Sackton: And as the rushes up and start speaking at the door stepping out from the.
Timothy Sackton: door of the stone house and waving and greeting to you are two old men wearing Gray silver robes like.
Timothy Sackton: like animals.
Timothy Sackton: Why one.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe slightly younger.
Timothy Sackton: And weathered skin bald leaning on a staff, the other slightly older paler skin with short cropped Gray hair standing against the side of the wall and as they look seeing you approach.
Timothy Sackton: The older ones eyes fallen down with any he lights up and you can tell that he recognizes you.
Timothy Sackton: And with that we will end for the night.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
that's fun.
Mike Sackton: awesome yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're getting really good at killing things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, and also creating situations and.
Mike Sackton: and finding things to kill.
Rev. David: We made the desert safe again for these two old retired guys and their vacation home.
Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Such a heartwarming story yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's not like they were you know good creatures that were.
Timothy Sackton: That it was bad that you got rid of yeah.
Timothy Sackton: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like there's there's gotta be some there's there's some some a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: moral framework in which this was wrong, but maybe not for.
Timothy Sackton: me.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think it was wrong, it was just unnecessary.
Mike Sackton: it's like killing a why a rabid tiger.
Mike Sackton: That really a.
Mike Sackton: moral framework where that's wrong.
Rev. David: that's killing a rabbit ogre.
Timothy Sackton: yeah literally a rabid ogre i'm scheduling are we on for two weeks from this weekend, like the.
Rev. David: 2626 is better for me than 27.
Eric Rosenbaum: works for me.
Mike Sackton: That, I think that's fine.
Rev. David: Actually 27th is better than 26.
Mike Sackton: This Saturday mean saturday's are generally not as good for me is Fridays.
Mike Sackton: But I could probably do the 27th I just want, I want to talk to Dana before I commit.
Rev. David: Another option, I think it's the 20th that I have evening meetings, like the other every other night that week.
Timothy Sackton: Any three of those nights 26th 27th 28th works for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think I could do one of those, let me just talk to Dana before I tell, I mean the 28th should be fine.
Timothy Sackton: I my preference generally is not Sundays.
Because.
Mike Sackton: twice.
Mike Sackton: Probably fine too I just.
Mike Sackton: Like normally we do something on Saturday night like let's.
Mike Sackton: Do the.
Timothy Sackton: 27th and with a backup of the 28th does that work everybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any of those nights it's time for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: First, you should let us know when we're gonna do the punk.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
yeah.